The inside of the herbalist's shop was bigger than most of the houses in her home village, but still just average size for the city.  The scale of difference still struck Clover from time to time, even though she'd spent a couple of nights in the city already.  Clover chatted with the herbalist, the herbalist let Clover use her tools to craft some potions.  Clover bought some blisterwort to mix with some of the wheat she's been carrying (specifically for potion and poultice-making) to make some very simple healing potions.  Clover also made a few other potions she knew how to make from the various flowers and plants she had been collecting during her adventures so far, and sold those to the herbalist.  Clover, having learned that in the city one has to recognize that the other party might give wildly outrageously low offers when buying, or give wildly outrageously high offers when selling, was able to get slightly better rates for her potions from the herbalist, proportionally, than she had for her necklace from the blacksmith.

Leaving the apothacary, which exits into the marketplace of Whiterun, Clover stopped at the stall of a food seller in the thoughts that she should make sure she has enough stores of food to last this upcoming adventure to retrieve Amren's family sword.  Yes, Clover had seen the location on the map, but she wasn't quite sure how far that was in terms of hours or days.  It only looked a few inches on the map, but maps are funny like that.

Anyway, while Erik handled the food check, Clover chatted with the food vender.  Her name is Carlotta Valentia, and most of what she said was complaints about the attention she was getting from men.  Clover didn't quite get what was so bad about that - men are good for some very fun things - but Clover also understood wanting one's own day-to-day to not be peppered with annoyances.  Carlotta complained mostly about one man in particular, Mikael the bard, who often played at the Bannered Mare.  Clover remembered Mikael from her previous two nights at the inn, and offered to take care of the issue for Carlotta.  The food vendor was pleased by the offer.  Clover made mental note to beat up the bard after she got back that night from finding Amren's sword.

Clover and Erik made one more stop, this time at the general goods store, so they could buy better backpacks.  They had journeyed from Rorikstead to Whiterun pretty much with their sparse belongings worn on their person, but if they were going to be recovering lost and stolen treasures often in their future, Clover reasoned, they should have some more efficient means of carrying them.

Finally all set, Clover dragged Erik out of the store before he could think of another facet of preparation.  She walked briskly down the street towards the gate of the city.

Out of the city, Clover veered off of the road, following the map as best she could, corrected by Erik at times.  They made their way first to the Silent Moons Camp, the bandit camp out on which the Jarl had put the bounty.  It was an old abandoned forge, supposedly, according to the bounty note, and Clover looked at the wide stone steps leading up the side of a hill to a stone-walled structure at the top, which must have been the forge.

The map said that the thieves' hideout who had Amren's sword was to the west of Silent Moons Camp.  So if she was standing south of Silent Moons Camp, looking north at it, then west would be... After waiting several moments, Erik pointed to Clover's left, and Clover nodded and turned and journeyed on.

They found the hideout.  As Amren had described, it was a cave hidden slightly off of a minor trail.  Clover drew her iron greatsword, smiled over her shoulder at Erik, and pushed through the wooden door covering the entrance to the cave.

The inside of the cave was rather dark compared to the light on the sun on the plains, and Clover and Erik stood near the entrance for a minute until their eyesight adjusted.  Then Clover advanced.

Erik made a comment about how much he hated thieves, reminding Clover of how their village often had to deal with bandits trying to steal their crops or other possessions, thinking they have any right to just ride in and take what isn't theirs.  Clover felt comforted by her friend's earnest judgement.

They hadn't made their way too deep into the cave before they heard motion up ahead.  Through an artificial doorway, Clover saw a bandit with a drawn bow.  She charged at the bandit, took an arrow shot to her body, but got in one good swing and... missed.  Then, in that same single moment, another bandit, this one with thick metal armor and shield, came charging at Clover from deeper in the cave.  Clover didn't have time to do anything except dodge the second bandit's sword swing, then swivel to face him.  The first bandit had turned her attention to Erik, and Clover would have to trust him to handle her.

Facing her opponent, Clover gave him no time for a second strike.  She swung with her great iron sword, which bashed against the bandit's shield.  Clover swung again and again and again, bashing repeatedly against the bandit's shield, until he could no longer hold his defense and his shield arm faltered and Clover landed a killing blow.

Immediately Clover checked for the first bandit, the one with the bow - and found her dead a little ways off.  Erik had handled his foe.  Clover felt pride in her dear friend.

One more bandit came charging out of the tunnel leading to the backmost part of the cave, but Clover didn't have much trouble dispatching him, as his swings were slow and laborious - due to him wielding a massive greatsword, like the one Clover owned, but made of steal rather than simple iron.  Clover beamed at Erik as she knelt and took the dead bandit's steel greatsword.  She hefted it with two hands, gave it a few swings.  It had a similar balance to her iron greatsword, but the metal was superior, and she wouldn't have to worry about it chipping as easily.  It should therefore be even more deadly.

Clover and Erik searched the bandits for the family sword of Amren, but found nothing matching his description.  They did find, on the bandits and just around, a couple pieces of jewelry, food, ale, and of course the armor and weapons.

One interesting thing they found was a wooden chest.  It was locked, and even though one of the thieves (or bandits) had a lockpick, neither Clover nor Erik knew how to use one.  Clover wouldn't have wanted to know, anyhow.  She just took her massive steel greatsword and bashed the lock right off of the wooden chest.

Amren's father's sword was in the chest, along with a cloak that Erik said felt slightly magical and some healing potions.

Clover and Erik loaded the loot from the bandits into their backpacks, strapped themselves up with the armor and weapons to carry them back to town to sell, and headed off.  But not before Clover picked some of the mushrooms growing on the walls of the cave, in case the herbalist in town had thoughts on what they might be useful for.

The sky is cloudy and grey as they make their way back to Whiterun.  They come across a giants' camp on the way, and Clover makes a detour to go around.  Giants, she knows, as everybody from the plains knows, that giants just want to be left alone with their mammoths, and are very testy when it comes to others entering their camps.  Even if it would be a great fight, there is no honor in battling an opponent who does not first offer you harm unprovoked.

Clover and Erik make it back to Whiterun, having hurried so that they can actually sell their loot first and be sure to have enough for a room at the inn.  Adrianne Avenicci, the blacksmith to whom they had previously sold their looted weapons and armor (and the steward's daughter) was walking on the street in front of her shop, so Clover happily approached her and said she had weapons and armor to sell.  Adrianne said she was closed for the day.

Clover then hurried to the general goods store, but it was locked.  Same with the apothecary.  The vendors in the open-air market had packed up for the night and left already.

Clover wondered where she and Erik could sleep that night.  She walked through the streets for a while, passing the Hall of the Dead, passing a temple, passing residences.  Jorrvaskr, by the east wall of the city, was not yet an option, as Clover was not yet a Companion.  She hadn't even set foot in Jorrvaskr or spoken to a Companion since she had arrived in Whiterun.  She will be worthy, though.  She will earn a place among the Companions and the Nords will sing of her victories for ages to come.  Bards will write epic sagas of her -

Oh, Mikael.  Carlotta.  Clover suddenly remembers that she had a bard to beat up.

So she and Erik head down to the Bannered Mare and enter.  Clover finds Mikael, singing a classic song to the patrons of the inn.  The Bannered Mare was packed, as it was early after sunset.  Tavern girls ran to and fro, and a fire raged in the middle of the inn, with burly Nords sitting around it on benches and on the floor, eating and drinking.  Carlotta sat on the floor between a couple benches, a sour expression on her face and her shoulders hunched away from the direction of Mikael's music.

Clover approached Mikael and told him, "I hear you've been giving Carlotta some trouble."  The bard, wearing clothing of average make but with almost no dirt on it, responded that he was going to conquer Carlotta, and that there was nothing Clover could do about it.  Clover then said, "You'll stop or I'll make you stop," and raised her fists.  Mikael, to his credit, responded in kind and threw the first blow.

It was a simple slugfest.  Both Mikael and Clover stood their ground, trading blows that had the thick and meaty sound of flesh on flesh.  The entire tavern turned to watch and to cheer for either Mikael or Clover.

It was finally happening!  Clover smiled.  Usually when she had tried to start fights in the tavern in her home Rorikstead, one of the village elders would step in and blather on about peace or some such.  Clover couldn't help but smile as she took another fist to her face, spit out blood, and gave Mikael another fist to his face.  A real and honest tavern brawl, with the whole place watching.  This was a chance at some root-level glory.

Clover's stubbornness won out, and eventually Mikael stumbled back and raised his arms over his face.  "Alright!" he said.  Clover lowered her fists but remained staring at the bard.  "On my honor, Carlotta won't have to worry about me again," Mikael said.  That was enough for Clover, who figured she had might - maybe - have misjudged the man, and she stepped forward to slap him in comradery on the back.  She waved over one of the tavern girls and bought Mikael a bottle of mead as the crowd in the Bannered Mare returned to whatever they each were doing before the fight had started.  The general static of conversation and activity started up again.

Clover, bruised and hurting from the fistfight but satisfied, lumbered over to where Carlotta was sitting.  Clover grinned down at Carlotta, and Carlotta thanked Clover for her help.  Clover plopped herself down next to Carlotta and asked about the attention she got from men.  It was something Clover hadn't much experienced, attention from men - not that there were many men Clover would want attention from.  Most weren't worthy of her.

After some conversation, Carlotta offered to pay for Clover and Erik's stay that night in the inn, as thanks for Clover dissuading Mikael from continuing his pursuit.  Clover thanked Carlotta, trudged upstairs, and collapsed, hurting and smiling broadly, onto the bed.