Clover jogged to through the city of Whiterun, up to the Wind district again and then up the steps leading to the Cloud district, where the great hall Dragonsreach sits.  Clover entered the Jarl's hall.

It was vast inside, with a ceiling that stretched high above her and Erik.  A large fire ran down the middle of the long hall, with long tables on either side where various members of the court were eating a meal.  The Jarl sat on his throne at the end of the hall, but he was not what drew Clover's gaze.  Above the Jarl, hung on the wall, was a monstrous skull.  Clover recognized the skull from the descriptions she heard the countless times she forced her father to tell her the stories of the heroes of old when she was a little girl.  It was - it could be no other thing - a dragon's skull.

Clover stood in front of the Jarl's throne, not looking at the man, but at the ferocious bone face above him.  In  the hall of the Companions, Clover thought, one could be sure that any mounted skull was earned by those who lived there, or those who came before them.  Is it the same with this Jarl?  Was he a man who shared a history of tradition with a dragon-slayer?  Does he deserve to sit under that skull?

Clover, having stood all this time on the top step of leading up to the Jarl's throne, lowered her gaze to the man sitting there.  "Who's side are you on?" she asked, referencing the event earlier that year when Ulfric Stormcloak, Jarl of Windhelm, killed the High King Torygg of Skyrim, the Jarl of Haafingar, in challenged combat and ignited talk of civil war with the Empire, of which Skyrim was a province.  The Jarl of Whiterun, Balgruuf the Greater, gave an answer that referenced duty, which Clover approved of, but which did not provide a definite choice, which Clover did not approve of.

Jarl Balgruuf then said, "You should really be talking to my steward" - as in, 'stop bothering me' - and turned to conversation with his aides by his throne.  Clover moved back to the center part of the great hall, with the fire and tables, and found the Jarl's steward and the blacksmith's father, Proventus Avenicci.  Clover presented to him the sword his daughter had made for the Jarl, and Proventus was pleased and offered a small purse of septims in thanks.  Clover then asked about the dragon's skull and the name of the hall, Dragonsreach, and Proventus told the tale of Olaf One-Eye, the great Nord hero who slay a dragon, but was so mighty that he managed to subdue it.

Clover was about to leave the Jarl's hall when she spotted that a room off of the main hall that had a large map set up in it.  Clover went there, pulling Erik along, and with his help figured out where that bandit camp actually is that has the bounty, and marked it on her personal map, along with some other locations of interest.

Then, only after standing in front of the large upright map for these several minutes did she realize that this room she was in was the study of the court wizard.  Now, Clover doesn't go in much for magic herself, but she thought that perhaps the wizard, who was pouring over some formulae at his table, might have some healing or stamina potions for sale.  However, given the Jarl's own lack of definitiveness when she had asked him if he stood with the Nords, Clover certainly had to make sure this straw-limbed bookworm was a true Nord, lest Clover give her money over to someone without a backbone.

The court wizard, when asked if he stood with the Nords, said, "If I told you that was a tedious question, would you be smart enough to understand what I meant?  Probably not."

So Clover, who really didn't understand what the wizard had meant but had understood the way it was said, pulled her iron greatsword off of her back and smashed it into a wooden bowl of alchemical salts on the wizard's table.  Clover then shouldered her sword once more and left the hall.

As Clover made her way through the streets of Whiterun, descending from the peak elevation of Dragonsreach down to the lower districts, she fantasized about one day battling a mighty dragon herself and earning its skull.  It was as she was walking thusly through the streets that a heated conversation caught her ear, and she tried to hone in on where it was coming from, because the conversation was about a sword.

By the time she found the arguing couple, the woman had stormed off, ignoring the man's calls of her name.  But Clover had heard the subject of their argument: this man, who is the woman's husband, had lost his father's sword.  He wanted to retrieve it, but it had been taken by thieves who were hold up in a cave in the plains, and taking the sword back from these thieves would be dangerous - therefore the man wanted to hire mercenaries to help, but his wife saw this as a waste of their family's resources and a path to poverty.  She did not see the value in retrieving the sword.

Clover absolutely did.  It was this man's father's sword.  Those thieves did not deserve to have it.  They dishonored themselves by possessing it, and it was only right and honorable that it be returned to this man.

So Clover introduced herself and spoke with the man.  His name was Amren.  Amren said that he'd have to hire mercenaries, or beg the Companions, to get his sword back.  Clover jumped at that line and said she would get it back, herself - herself and Erik, she quickly corrected herself - and not for pay.  The man was thankful, and with an eye to Clover's heavy iron armor and iron greatsword, half hopeful as he pointed out on Clover's map (with Erik looking closely over her shoulder) where the band of thieves was hiding.

Clover, now feeling an inward rush of excitement at the idea of returning honor to his man's family's sword and at completing a quest that someone had considered asking the Companions themselves to do, drew her iron greatsword and sprinted through the streets.

This, of course, drew much negative attention from a passing city guard, and Clover, at Erik's advice, stopped sprinting through the city with her gigantic weapon draw.  They should restock on potions anyways, since they hadn't bought any from the wizard.

So Clover headed with Erik down to the Plains District, where Clover had spotted an apothecary near the Bannered Mare.  It was something that she had noticed because, as it turns out, Clover had the beginnings of knowledge regarding herbalism.  Growing up in the great plains of Whiterun, spending most of her life outdoors running around the farmland and grasslands around the farms, she had many teachers in her village who showed her this or that property of this or that flower or stalked plant or whatnot.  The fine arts of the craft, though, eluded Clover, but she clunked her way nonetheless into the herbalist's shop.