went back to steward got bounty note notorized / signed and collected bounty, asked about history of the city got told about how it started with jorvaskrr; she stops by the wizard's room again to look at his map and note down other locations that are marked as having bandit trouble (she doesn't talk to the wizard)

goes to jorvaskrr, felt nervous for the first time in her life

fistfight between others when she enters, she enjoys the energy

gets the attention of a shaggy looking man passing by, tells him she wants to join, told to talk to Kodlak, told Kodlak is downstairs

looks around walks around looking for the way downstairs and just looking at stuff and the giant feasting table and fire in the center; thinks about how the roof is made from Yriskramir's own longship, that that wood was the actual wood of his actual ship, feels spiritual in a way she's never felt at a shrine or whatnot before

sees the fragments of an axe on the wall by the stairs down, realizes after a second what it is - so, like, wow, she can't believe she's looking at that

on her way to Kodlak, asks the Companions she meets what they think the Companions are, why they joined, gets different answers; some are like her, some enjoy fighting, some like the perks such as money

Finds Kodlak in conversation with one of the other leaders, just comes right out with it that she wants to join.  Kodlak looks at her, sees she's strong, tells Varkas to test her out in the training yard.  She goes out with Varkas and is quivering with excitement that she's actually at the point of being tested for entry into the Companions.  Varkas tells her to come at her, show him what she's got.  She completely forgets about that woman who accidentally killed someone during this trial, and just gives the mightiest swings she can, one then two, overhand with her whole body using her greatsword.  Varkas staggers slightly with them but maintains footing and his grip on his own weapon, which he's using to block.  He then sheaths his weapon and says good job, now go get my sword sharpened by Yorland Grey-Maine, and be careful because it's probably worth more than you are.  She recognizes this as the "treat the newbie roughly" treatment that it is, and realizes that Varkas is open to the idea of letting her join.

She climbs the steps to the Sky Forge and is very impressed by the weapons and armor around the forge, and then also by the dragon skull.  As she's admiring the dragon skull, Yorland asks what she wants.  She gives the sword, Yorland confirms that Varkas is just hazing her.  So does this mean she's in?  Is she a Companion?  Yorland gives her a shield he was adjusting for one of the other inner-circle companions and asks as a favor to bring it to her

she does, and then the huntress she takes it to calls the dog guy (the shaggy guy) and clover gets shown the bunks and she's a companion now yay and she just kinda stares at erik and smiles and is happy and then she asks one of the other companions what it means to be a companion and she gets some varied answers but also the answer that fits with her idea of what the companions are

okay so she sleeps and wakes up really really early, and thinking, "wow i'm a companion now" she's like super motivated to go to companion shit so she wraps up in her cloak and hood and heads out to the plains with erik and it's early morning so the chilly mist is on the land

she and erik travel north a little ways until they're about a bowshot away from a small encampment, where some bandits have taken up residence in an old mine; there's a wooden wall around the encampment and entrance to the mine; Clover dons her helmet and unshethes her sword and charges in.

arrows fly, magic explodes to her left and right as she rushes in

she kicks open the gate and immediately battles two bandits, slaying them but taking some hits

she runs into the encampment, there are two more bandits, both with crossbows

nearest one misses and clover closes the distance and kills her in a single strike of her greatsword before she can reload, but the second bandit is on an elevated position; clover rushes him, straight at him, grinning widlly, and takes a crossbow bolt straight to the chest.  her armor keeps her alive and she kills the bandit.

she and erik enter the mine

there's a path down and a man guarding the further entrance to the main chamber of the mine; the bandit guard is very heavily armored, but through strength and ferocity of blows clover kills him; the guy's armor is made of a different metal alloy, even better than her current armor at deflecting slashing blows like from swords and axes, so Clover wears that

Clover then walks through the doorway to the path that leads to the main chamber; she hears the bandits working down there, and they hear her approaching; she runs in, and the entrance is elevated above a large chamber that has a dead and butchered mammoth laying there.  Clover leaps off of the elevated platform that the entrance led to, intending to make a beeline towards the leader, but magic slashes through the air from behind her, so she swivels and charges another bandit she sees behind her, thinking this was the one that was using magic.

It's another fight, she and erik kill the bandits, erik and her together kill the leader, but then there's one left.  One bandit still alive, and this one is cowering and fleeing, saying she gives up.  By the law, these poachers have forefit their life, but Clover isn't about to, on any day let alone her first day waking up as a Companion, chase down and run through a woman who's not actively fighting back.  Clover doesn't pursue the woman, but as this final bandit flees, she accidentally triggers one of the bandits' own traps, stepping on a pressure plate, and causing a mammoth skull on ropes to swing down and gore her.  She dies.

The setup, it's clear now that clover has a moment to look around, that this is a poacher's den.  There are many mammoth tusks, which are highly valued, and many mammoth trunks, which are also valued as a speciality meat.  The mammoth carcass in the room is already butchered.  Clover takes the many tusks and trunks and takes the meat from the mammoth.  It is a LOT to carry for her and Erik together, but they make it back to Whiterun by the time the city has started to wake up and make the noise of activity.

Clover hauls the meat to The Drunken Huntsman, a sort of hunting shop slash tavern in Whiterun.  She dumps the haul of mammoth meat, piling it higher and higher on a table in front of Elrindir, the owner.  He can't legally pay her for it, because it was poached, but Clover just lets him have it.  It'll feed people.  The life of the mammoth won't have been taken in vain.  Yes, Clover has killed several wild beasts at this point, but those were ferocious beasts who imperil travelers.  Mammoths are gentle, and are usually the pet of a giant.

Clover then took the tusks down to the general store and sold them there.  Good profit.  The ivory should at least be put to some use, rather than rotting in that poacher's cave.

Walking through the city as Clover was doing these things, a passing guard said, "I've seen you in the company of the Companions.  That's an honorable path you're on, friend."  She also passed Amren, who gave her a greeting of, "May the ground quake when you walk."

Clover returned to Jorvaskrr, having, on her very first morning of waking up as a Companion, gone out on her own initiative to vanquish a camp of bandits, destroying their poaching operation - and gave the spoils freely.

(Well, gave some of the spoils freely.  She gave the meat.  She sold the tusks.)