They get back to Whiterun far past midnight.  Clover feels her wits somewhat dulled by her lack of sleep, and her spirit is in that calm, satiated feeling of spiritual fulfillment.  She and Erik can sell the loot in the morning.  For now, she makes her way to the Bannered Mare.

Inside, the only people up are the publican and the thick-limbed Nord who never seems to be anywhere other than this inn.  As Clover makes her laborious way to a stool in front of the bar, the publican calls out to her help to wake up.  The barmaid comes over as Clover and Kirk settle down onto the stool, and Clover, not a thought given to whether they'll have enough left over for a room, orders a beef stew, some goat cheese, and several bottles of good old Nord mead.

She eats and drinks with her friend.  It's not the raucous feast full of boastful tales that she had imagined, but she satisfies herself with recollections of herself standing there in the stilled courtyard, her bloodied greatsword held at the ready as she looked about at her fallen foes.  Erik was a quiet companion, as he typically was, but he was also a comfort to Clover as she ate and drank.

After finishing her meal, she pulls out her coin purse and asks for a room.  When counting out the coins, Clover realizes that she had planned on paying for her second night at the Bannered Mare with the earnings from her loot - but it had been far past midnight when they had arrived in the city tonight, and they hadn't had a chance to sell the weapons and armor.

Fortunately, Clover has just enough for a room for her and Erik.  She pockets her remaining 15 septims - enough for one more mead, but not much else - and drags herself upstairs to her room, collapsing immediately onto the bed.

She awakes late the next morning, feeling vigorous.  She leaps from the balcony down to the main floor, downs a bottle of expensive mead that she had brought with her but had kept in reserve, and shoved through the door out into the late morning sun of Whiterun city.

Clover and Erik walk down the road towards the gate, where they had seen a blacksmith working.  Clover approaches the blacksmith and asks about her work, and about Whiterun.  This was the blacksmith to which Clover had previously sold her jeweled necklace for enough to buy her greatsword.  Clover asks if the smith would be willing to buy the weapons and armor she and Erik had won from the bandits, and the blacksmith said she would be so willing, so Clover begins laying out the swords, shields, and such for the blacksmith to appraise.  A price is offered that is far, far less than Clover had anticipated, but seeing as she has only a measly 15 septims jangling in her pocket at the moment and the steep nightly cost of the inn (at least until she earns a spot with the Companions and can take a bed in their longhouse!) looming in her mind, Clover agrees.

After accepting the coins, which would be enough for perhaps a couple more nights at the inn (Clover would have to consult with Erik for the specifics, as math was not her strength), Clover browses some of the offerings of the smithy.  She notices a jeweled necklace that looks familiar - yes, it was the same one she had sold yesterday.  Then she notices the price.  Even with her poor aptitude for numbers, Clover recognizes that the piece is being sold by the blacksmith for many, many times the amount that Clover had sold it to the blacksmith.  The disparity is so extreme that Clover feels a flash of anger.

Even so, what can she do?  Yesterday had been her first day in the city.  She is still learning how city life and city interactions work.

While pondering this, the blacksmith approached Clover.  She told Clover that she had made a special sword for the Jarl, and that if Clover could deliver the sword to the blacksmith's father - who was the Jarl's steward - then she would consider it a favor.

Clover hadn't come to Whiterun to drool before a Jarl, but - but the fort she and Erik had cleared of bandits was not, in fact, the one that the Jarl had set the bounty for.  Clover had double-checked the road sign with the bounty note.  (She had checked this after the battle with the bandits, carefully checking the lettering on the sign to the location name on the note while lugging a hundred or so pounds of armor and weapons, to which Erik had made a little huff but otherwise said nothing.)  So perhaps a favor for the blacksmith to whom Clover would be selling more in the future and a favor for the Jarl's steward wouldn't be useless - and she could ask the steward the point out on her map exactly where that bandit camp is that has the bounty on it.