Clover wakes early in the morning, when the sun is still just a hint on the horizon.  She uses the Bannered Mare's cooking pot to prepare the last of the saber cat meat from that saber cat she and Erik had killed two days ago, searing it.  She eats, drinks some wine, and feels refreshed and full of energy for the day.

But it's not quite day yet, as the sun is just peeking over the horizon.  The first task of the day, obviously, is to deliver Amren's sword.  But Clover doesn't know where he lives.  She just knows where she had met him, when he was arguing with his wife.  So she and Erik go to that part of the city, near the residential area, and wait.

They spend a lot of time in that comfortable silence of lifelong friends, but they also talk some.  Erik expresses a thought that after earning enough to make the trip, he might travel to Hammerfell and see what kinds of adventures he could have there.  Clover frowns at this, as she hadn't ever imagined a world where she would leave Skyrim, and she also hadn't ever imagined a world where she and Erik wouldn't be side-by-side.

After three hours of waiting, Clover perks up.  There he is!  Amren!  She runs up to him and presents to him his father's lost sword.  Amren is incredibly grateful, and Clover knows that she has done an honorable thing.  When Amren asks if she and Erik really did it alone, Clover feels pride surge up through her from her feet to her head, and says that yes, they did.  Amren then offers to pass on to Clover and Erik a particular sword-and-shield technique that his father had taught him.  Clover, even being a greatsword sort of gal, accepted, as you never know when you'll be forced to fight with a loadout that's not your main preference.  Besides, sword and shield is Erik's jam.

Deed done, Clover ran to Adrianne the blacksmith to sell the weapons and armor she and Erik had looted from the thieves in the cave.  The funds they received was enough to buy them several more days in the city, but Clover noticed a steel shield on display.  It was the same type of shield that Erik uses, but his was made of iron.  Clover discretely asked Adrianne how much the shield would be, and was given a number just bigger than what she had.  Clover wasn't good at numbers, but these numbers were close enough that Clover could tell she only needed a little more funds to buy the shield for Erik.

With no more armor or weapons to sell, though, Clover yanked Erik's iron shield off of his arm, saying, "Trust me," then told Erik to wait there, then ran off to the general store.  She sold the slightly magic cloak from the chest in the cave - which the shopkeeper identified as being a novice wizard's robe, providing a slight enchantment to a wizard's ability to harness magic - and then ran back to the blacksmith and Erik.  Clover held out her coin purse and the iron shield and asked if it would be enough to buy the steel shield.  Adrianne counted the coins, almost all of it, handing Clover back just a few septims and the steel shield.

Clover then turned around with a big smile and held the shield up for Erik to see.  She then helped him strap it on and get the fitting right.

So armed, the two friends left through the city gates once more, this time, and finally, headed to clear that bounty.

They made their way to Silent Moons Camp.  Clover unshouldered her steel greatsword, Erik gripped his steel shield and his sword, and they approached.  They climbed the steps slowly, and when they got to the top, they saw that the structure at the top had a small hallway running its perimeter, with the one and only entrance to the central room, the room with the bandits and the forge, at the back.

Given the danger of such an enclosed space, Clover entered alone with Erik remaining vigilant out front to watch Clover's rear, in case there are more bandits elsewhere nearby, maybe gone out to forge, who would return.

Clover walked the hallway, hearing the bandits and them hearing her.  None of them left the central room to confront her in the hallway.  Instead, when Clover had walked through the perimeter hallway around to the back side of the structure and walked into the open doorway of the central room, she saw all of the bandits standing there, bows in their hands.  She quickly drew, raised, and loosed, but in the nick of time Clover dove out of the doorway and out of the hail of arrows.

Four bandits altogether.  Three with bows, a fourth with the glow of magic around her hands.  All focused on the one entrance and exit to the room they're in.  If they come out, Clover can cut them down in the narrow hallway.  If Clover goes in, she'll have three arrows in her chest and whatever abominable spell the wizard would cast.

But if they were out of arrows, then they'd have to come out.

So Clover ran past the doorway.  The bandits inside loosed their arrows, but missed, their arrows clattering against the stonework of the structure's hallway.  The wizard loosed a spell, but also failed to hit Clover.  Clover sprinted again.  And again.  A rain of arrows fwipped through the doorway.  One of them got Clover.  Then another.  But Clover also heard the draw of metal against leather, like a sword being unsheathed.  Clover gritted her teeth and gripped her steel greatsword, and swung her body into the frame of the doorway once more.

Yes, she could see that none of them were holding their bows.  The wizard was beathing heavily, as if out of energy with which to perform her magic.  Clover charged in.

It was a quicker battle than Clover anticipated.  A few swings for a couple bandits, they go down, then Clover jumps on the wizard.  But it's after this that Clover sees why it was a more simple fight than she had anticipated: the most heavily armored bandit, clearly the leader, had dropped his weapon and was cowering against the wall, not fighting.

Clover wrinkled her nose in disgust at the man's conduct.  She shifted her grip on her steel greatsword to hold it with one hand so that she could pick up one of the dead bandit's swords and toss it at the feet of the bandit leader.  The man would not pick it up.

Clover waited, watching the man, her own weapon at the ready, but the bandit leader continued to huddle against the stone wall and not touch the sword at his feet.  So Clover rested her own greatsword over shoulder and began inspecting the forge.  It wasn't quite like other forges she had seen, and someone had left a note on the anvil.  It talked about enchantments to do with the moon that fell upon weapons forged here, and -

"AAGH!"  The bandit leader lunged at Clover, shouting, swinging a mace - must have hidden it under his cloak - in a huge arc.  Clover, who had kept one eye on the man even while inspecting the forge, dodged quickly out of the way and put the hot open forge between herself and the now-armed and now-fighting bandit leader.

"Yes!" Clover called out, grinning.  "Finally!"  She held her greatsword in a tight grip and took a few quick leaps, leaping onto the edge of the forge, then over it, flying over the red hot coals towards the bandit leader.  With one swing she bashed his shield, then with a swing from the other direction she knocked his shield aside, and with a third drove the length of her mighty weapon through the body of the bandit leader.

With all the bandits dead, she called out to Erik.  Erik, from outside, responded that there had been no more bandits arriving, so he came into the forge to meet Clover.  He walked into the room with the four dead bandits and Clover leaning on her bloody steel greatsword, and she said, "Hey there."  They then gathered what loot they could, which included both treasures horded by the bandits and some weapons that had the mysterious feel of enchantment to them, likely forged at this old forge.

Next steps are getting it back to Whiterun, which isn't too far, and then turning in the bounty note to the steward, and then taking the signed bounty note to Jorrvaskr.

Oh, and collecting the reward from the steward, Clover supposed... but that wasn't where her mind was.