In the Bannered Mare, Clover warmed herself by the fire, listened to the bard, chatted with everybody there.  She asked the publican about leads on work, and she gave her a bounty note that the Jarl had distributed.  It was a bounty on a gang of bandits nearby on the plains outside Whiterun.  This was perfect for Clover; she could defeat the bandits, claim the bounty, and walk into Jorvaskr with proof of her worthiness to join the Companions.

After using the cooking pot in the inn to cook some of the rabbit meat she had brought with her - she grew up on a farm, after all - she stuffed herself with meat and mead.  She went to bed that night dreaming of how glorious the next day would be.

She woke early the next morning and headed right out of the inn.  There was one small thing to do, however, before she went on her first quest.  The only weapon she had, besides a dagger that she really only used for skinning game, was an old iron sword from her village.  She needed something bigger.

So Clover stopped by the blacksmith.  She saw exactly what she wanted: a greatsword, so huge and heavy that it would take two hands to hold and swing.  But Clover hadn't left home with a lot of money, and the night's stay in the inn had been expensive.  She didn't have enough money for the sword.  So Clover took out the one item of value she had brought with her: a jeweled necklace.  She had brought it specifically to sell in case she needed more funds.  So Clover happily sold it to the blacksmith for the greatsword.

With the huge sword strapped onto her back, Clover headed out of the gates of Whiterun.

She wasn't familiar with the name of the location where the bounty note said the bandits were.  And she wasn't that good at reading maps.  Not that good at reading, period.  But she and Erik had passed a dilapidated fort on their way from Rorikstead to Whiterun, and there had been signs of people living there.  So Clover, with Erik, made their way through the plains back to that fort.

Along the way they encountered two armed Redguards stopping a Redguard woman on the road.  They were questioning her, and it looked like things might get hairy, but before it did someone shouted out in shock and fear and Clover instinctively drew her greatsword off her back and cast her eyes about.  She saw a saber cat fighting with some mud crabs - saber cats will choose anything as their prey.  Clover, seeing an opportunity to slay a mighty beast and earn its pelt - also making the plains safer for other travelers by removing the dangerous and ferocious saber cat - rushed off the road and down to the brook that ran under the nearby bridge.  Erik followed, and together they slew the saber cat.

It took hours and hours for Clover Stonefield to field dress the cat, skin it, collect useful parts like bones to make tools or skrimshaw, and finally to butcher it.  She handed off most of this to Erik to carry, as she was burdened enough already with the massive sword and her heavy iron armor.  The fort loomed just down the road, but by this time the sun was setting and they were getting peckish, so Clover and Erik sat on the banks of the brook and ate dinner together, looking up at the fort and talking strategy.