Finished with their meal, Clover rose, slung her greatsword over her shoulder, and trudged up the incline to the road.  Erik followed.

Clover walked along the road until she stood at the beginning of the path off the road to the fort.  The folk in the fort had erected wooden spiked barricades along the path leading to the front gate, preventing a direct assault.  Clover drew her greatsword, and Erik followed suit with his iron sword and shield.

Clover walked up the path, around the barricades, and when she was closer she saw a dead man in gibbet irons hanging off the ramparts near the gate.  Yup.  Bandits held the fort.

Clover grinned and ran into the front gate.  Erik ran too, following his friend.  Clover paused in the cover of the gate instead of running through it and exposing herself to archery looses from all angles in the courtyard by bandits on the ramparts.  She gripped her sword and bellowed her challenge, waiting for the first bandit who dared come to fight her.

The first bandit did, but it was with one mighty swing of her greatsword that Clover killed her first bandit.  The swing took a lot of wind, and Clover was already feeling her energy drop.  But her spirit was high, and she smelt glory in the air, and no longer able to hold back on account of tactics, she charged into the open courtyard.

Arrows flew at both her and Erik, who had charged in behind her.  Erik went left and Clover went right, engaging bandits, closing the distant on those with bows.  There was no fancy swordplay or footwork for Clover and her greatsword; she simply swung with her strength and within one or two such swings her enemies fell.

After slaying two, she turned and saw that Erik was ascending up to the ramparts, so Clover ran to help her friend.  Together they fought through two more bandits, until Erik was shot by an archer in the courtyard that Clover had missed.

Clover, having been shot herself several times already, chugged a healing potion as she leapt from the ramparts down into the courtyard and swung in a great arc at the archer, slaying her.

For a moment Clover stood mostly still, focusing her senses and turning in a circle to scan for remaining threats.  She saw the unmoving bodies of five bandits, but then noticed that her dearest friend Erik, still dropped to one knee in pain on the stairs to the ramparts, was being targeted by the bow of the final bandit, the most well-armored and clearly the leader.

Clover charged at this bandit, drawing his attention away from Erik, and then ducked into the protection of the covered gate before the bandit leader could loose his arrow.  Clover resisted every urge she had to run straight at this man, but she could tell he was a trained and deadly archer, and Clover would not throw her life away quite so foolishly before ever joining the Companions.  So she waited around the edge of the gate, forcing the bandit to close the distance and engage in melee.

The moment the bandit leader passed through the gate, Clover charged, swinging her greatsword mightily.  Despite her strength, the bandit leader was very heavily armored, but Clover kept up a barrage of assaults that prevented the bandit leader from escaping defence - and, ultimately, Clover landed the killing blow.

Clover walked back into the courtyard, scanning once again to see if the fort was cleared.  Seeing no further threats, Clover immediately ran up the steps of the rampart to check on her dearest friend.  Erik was wounded, but he would be fine with a little time.

Clover helped Erik down to the courtyard, and together they surveyed their accomplishment.  The two of them had alone launched an assault on this fort, slaying six bandits between them, making safer the road for travellers and avenging the poor soul in the gibbet irons.

Clover dragged the bodies to the center of the courtyard, feeling it disrespectful to simply leave them laying about where they had fallen.  She then, with Erik, stripped them of their armor and weapons and other valuables, making a pile to carry back to Whiterun for sale.  Most of the armor wasn't their type, being softer and lighter, but one of the bandits had a cuirass that fit Clover better, so she swapped hers for it.  To the victor goes the spoils.

Clover grinned wildly at her friend as they stood their on the field of victory.  Erik said, "It feels right, being out here as an adventurer."  Clover would have used the word "hero," but she was happy that Erik seemed to feel what she was feeling.

They piled as much of the weapons and armor onto themselves as they could carry and began the slow trudge back to Whiterun.  It was still the middle of the night, and the primary moon was out and full and bright in the sky, and on that long, slow walk, dragging their spoils behind them, Clover had never felt more fulfilled.