Clover made it to Whiterun as it was getting dark. Outside the gates, by the stables, a tall, strong-looking, armored woman was chatting loudly with a stable hand. Clover approached the armored woman and started talking to her, and immediately the woman challenged Clover to a fistfight, just for the sake of seeing who's stronger. Clover gladly accepted, confident in her abilities. However, she was duly pummeled. After staggering back to her feet, Clover saw that the strong woman was walking away, towards the gates, and Clover ran after her to ask why she wasn't in the Companions. The woman responded that she had tried to get in, but they wouldn't let her because during one of her trials she lost control and accidentally killed her sparring opponent. Clover continued talking and chatting with this woman up to the gate, which they both entered. Once inside the city, the woman made her way to the Bannered Mare, the local inn, while Clover, dragging Erik along, ran up to the Wind District to get a look at Jorrvaskr, the home of the Companions. It was too late in the night to enter, but she felt a rush of adventure just looking at it. After staring for a while, during which time Erik seemed to be getting bored, Clover and Erik went to the Bannered Mare.

_______________________________

In the Bannered Mare, Clover warmed herself by the fire, listened to the bard, chatted with everybody there.  She asked the publican about leads on work, and she gave her a bounty note that the Jarl had distributed.  It was a bounty on a gang of bandits nearby on the plains outside Whiterun.  This was perfect for Clover; she could defeat the bandits, claim the bounty, and walk into Jorvaskr with proof of her worthiness to join the Companions.

After using the cooking pot in the inn to cook some of the rabbit meat she had brought with her - she grew up on a farm, after all - she stuffed herself with meat and mead.  She went to bed that night dreaming of how glorious the next day would be.

She woke early the next morning and headed right out of the inn.  There was one small thing to do, however, before she went on her first quest.  The only weapon she had, besides a dagger that she really only used for skinning game, was an old iron sword from her village.  She needed something bigger.

So Clover stopped by the blacksmith.  She saw exactly what she wanted: a greatsword, so huge and heavy that it would take two hands to hold and swing.  But Clover hadn't left home with a lot of money, and the night's stay in the inn had been expensive.  She didn't have enough money for the sword.  So Clover took out the one item of value she had brought with her: a jeweled necklace.  She had brought it specifically to sell in case she needed more funds.  So Clover happily sold it to the blacksmith for the greatsword.

With the huge sword strapped onto her back, Clover headed out of the gates of Whiterun.

She wasn't familiar with the name of the location where the bounty note said the bandits were.  And she wasn't that good at reading maps.  Not that good at reading, period.  But she and Erik had passed a dilapidated fort on their way from Rorikstead to Whiterun, and there had been signs of people living there.  So Clover, with Erik, made their way through the plains back to that fort.

Along the way they encountered two armed Redguards stopping a Redguard woman on the road.  They were questioning her, and it looked like things might get hairy, but before it did someone shouted out in shock and fear and Clover instinctively drew her greatsword off her back and cast her eyes about.  She saw a saber cat fighting with some mud crabs - saber cats will choose anything as their prey.  Clover, seeing an opportunity to slay a mighty beast and earn its pelt - also making the plains safer for other travelers by removing the dangerous and ferocious saber cat - rushed off the road and down to the brook that ran under the nearby bridge.  Erik followed, and together they slew the saber cat.

It took hours and hours for Clover Stonefield to field dress the cat, skin it, collect useful parts like bones to make tools or skrimshaw, and finally to butcher it.  She handed off most of this to Erik to carry, as she was burdened enough already with the massive sword and her heavy iron armor.  The fort loomed just down the road, but by this time the sun was setting and they were getting peckish, so Clover and Erik sat on the banks of the brook and ate dinner together, looking up at the fort and talking strategy.

_______________________________

Finished with their meal, Clover rose, slung her greatsword over her shoulder, and trudged up the incline to the road.  Erik followed.

Clover walked along the road until she stood at the beginning of the path off the road to the fort.  The folk in the fort had erected wooden spiked barricades along the path leading to the front gate, preventing a direct assault.  Clover drew her greatsword, and Erik followed suit with his iron sword and shield.

Clover walked up the path, around the barricades, and when she was closer she saw a dead man in gibbet irons hanging off the ramparts near the gate.  Yup.  Bandits held the fort.

Clover grinned and ran into the front gate.  Erik ran too, following his friend.  Clover paused in the cover of the gate instead of running through it and exposing herself to archery looses from all angles in the courtyard by bandits on the ramparts.  She gripped her sword and bellowed her challenge, waiting for the first bandit who dared come to fight her.

The first bandit did, but it was with one mighty swing of her greatsword that Clover killed her first bandit.  The swing took a lot of wind, and Clover was already feeling her energy drop.  But her spirit was high, and she smelt glory in the air, and no longer able to hold back on account of tactics, she charged into the open courtyard.

Arrows flew at both her and Erik, who had charged in behind her.  Erik went left and Clover went right, engaging bandits, closing the distant on those with bows.  There was no fancy swordplay or footwork for Clover and her greatsword; she simply swung with her strength and within one or two such swings her enemies fell.

After slaying two, she turned and saw that Erik was ascending up to the ramparts, so Clover ran to help her friend.  Together they fought through two more bandits, until Erik was shot by an archer in the courtyard that Clover had missed.

Clover, having been shot herself several times already, chugged a healing potion as she leapt from the ramparts down into the courtyard and swung in a great arc at the archer, slaying her.

For a moment Clover stood mostly still, focusing her senses and turning in a circle to scan for remaining threats.  She saw the unmoving bodies of five bandits, but then noticed that her dearest friend Erik, still dropped to one knee in pain on the stairs to the ramparts, was being targeted by the bow of the final bandit, the most well-armored and clearly the leader.

Clover charged at this bandit, drawing his attention away from Erik, and then ducked into the protection of the covered gate before the bandit leader could loose his arrow.  Clover resisted every urge she had to run straight at this man, but she could tell he was a trained and deadly archer, and Clover would not throw her life away quite so foolishly before ever joining the Companions.  So she waited around the edge of the gate, forcing the bandit to close the distance and engage in melee.

The moment the bandit leader passed through the gate, Clover charged, swinging her greatsword mightily.  Despite her strength, the bandit leader was very heavily armored, but Clover kept up a barrage of assaults that prevented the bandit leader from escaping defence - and, ultimately, Clover landed the killing blow.

Clover walked back into the courtyard, scanning once again to see if the fort was cleared.  Seeing no further threats, Clover immediately ran up the steps of the rampart to check on her dearest friend.  Erik was wounded, but he would be fine with a little time.

Clover helped Erik down to the courtyard, and together they surveyed their accomplishment.  The two of them had alone launched an assault on this fort, slaying six bandits between them, making safer the road for travellers and avenging the poor soul in the gibbet irons.

Clover dragged the bodies to the center of the courtyard, feeling it disrespectful to simply leave them laying about where they had fallen.  She then, with Erik, stripped them of their armor and weapons and other valuables, making a pile to carry back to Whiterun for sale.  Most of the armor wasn't their type, being softer and lighter, but one of the bandits had a cuirass that fit Clover better, so she swapped hers for it.  To the victor goes the spoils.

Clover grinned wildly at her friend as they stood their on the field of victory.  Erik said, "It feels right, being out here as an adventurer."  Clover would have used the word "hero," but she was happy that Erik seemed to feel what she was feeling.

They piled as much of the weapons and armor onto themselves as they could carry and began the slow trudge back to Whiterun.  It was still the middle of the night, and the primary moon was out and full and bright in the sky, and on that long, slow walk, dragging their spoils behind them, Clover had never felt more fulfilled.

_______________________________

They get back to Whiterun far past midnight.  Clover feels her wits somewhat dulled by her lack of sleep, and her spirit is in that calm, satiated feeling of spiritual fulfillment.  She and Erik can sell the loot in the morning.  For now, she makes her way to the Bannered Mare.

Inside, the only people up are the publican and the thick-limbed Nord who never seems to be anywhere other than this inn.  As Clover makes her laborious way to a stool in front of the bar, the publican calls out to her help to wake up.  The barmaid comes over as Clover and Kirk settle down onto the stool, and Clover, not a thought given to whether they'll have enough left over for a room, orders a beef stew, some goat cheese, and several bottles of good old Nord mead.

She eats and drinks with her friend.  It's not the raucous feast full of boastful tales that she had imagined, but she satisfies herself with recollections of herself standing there in the stilled courtyard, her bloodied greatsword held at the ready as she looked about at her fallen foes.  Erik was a quiet companion, as he typically was, but he was also a comfort to Clover as she ate and drank.

After finishing her meal, she pulls out her coin purse and asks for a room.  When counting out the coins, Clover realizes that she had planned on paying for her second night at the Bannered Mare with the earnings from her loot - but it had been far past midnight when they had arrived in the city tonight, and they hadn't had a chance to sell the weapons and armor.

Fortunately, Clover has just enough for a room for her and Erik.  She pockets her remaining 15 septims - enough for one more mead, but not much else - and drags herself upstairs to her room, collapsing immediately onto the bed.

She awakes late the next morning, feeling vigorous.  She leaps from the balcony down to the main floor, downs a bottle of expensive mead that she had brought with her but had kept in reserve, and shoved through the door out into the late morning sun of Whiterun city.

Clover and Erik walk down the road towards the gate, where they had seen a blacksmith working.  Clover approaches the blacksmith and asks about her work, and about Whiterun.  This was the blacksmith to which Clover had previously sold her jeweled necklace for enough to buy her greatsword.  Clover asks if the smith would be willing to buy the weapons and armor she and Erik had won from the bandits, and the blacksmith said she would be so willing, so Clover begins laying out the swords, shields, and such for the blacksmith to appraise.  A price is offered that is far, far less than Clover had anticipated, but seeing as she has only a measly 15 septims jangling in her pocket at the moment and the steep nightly cost of the inn (at least until she earns a spot with the Companions and can take a bed in their longhouse!) looming in her mind, Clover agrees.

After accepting the coins, which would be enough for perhaps a couple more nights at the inn (Clover would have to consult with Erik for the specifics, as math was not her strength), Clover browses some of the offerings of the smithy.  She notices a jeweled necklace that looks familiar - yes, it was the same one she had sold yesterday.  Then she notices the price.  Even with her poor aptitude for numbers, Clover recognizes that the piece is being sold by the blacksmith for many, many times the amount that Clover had sold it to the blacksmith.  The disparity is so extreme that Clover feels a flash of anger.

Even so, what can she do?  Yesterday had been her first day in the city.  She is still learning how city life and city interactions work.

While pondering this, the blacksmith approached Clover.  She told Clover that she had made a special sword for the Jarl, and that if Clover could deliver the sword to the blacksmith's father - who was the Jarl's steward - then she would consider it a favor.

Clover hadn't come to Whiterun to drool before a Jarl, but - but the fort she and Erik had cleared of bandits was not, in fact, the one that the Jarl had set the bounty for.  Clover had double-checked the road sign with the bounty note.  (She had checked this after the battle with the bandits, carefully checking the lettering on the sign to the location name on the note while lugging a hundred or so pounds of armor and weapons, to which Erik had made a little huff but otherwise said nothing.)  So perhaps a favor for the blacksmith to whom Clover would be selling more in the future and a favor for the Jarl's steward wouldn't be useless - and she could ask the steward the point out on her map exactly where that bandit camp is that has the bounty on it.

_______________________________

Clover jogged to through the city of Whiterun, up to the Wind district again and then up the steps leading to the Cloud district, where the great hall Dragonsreach sits.  Clover entered the Jarl's hall.

It was vast inside, with a ceiling that stretched high above her and Erik.  A large fire ran down the middle of the long hall, with long tables on either side where various members of the court were eating a meal.  The Jarl sat on his throne at the end of the hall, but he was not what drew Clover's gaze.  Above the Jarl, hung on the wall, was a monstrous skull.  Clover recognized the skull from the descriptions she heard the countless times she forced her father to tell her the stories of the heroes of old when she was a little girl.  It was - it could be no other thing - a dragon's skull.

Clover stood in front of the Jarl's throne, not looking at the man, but at the ferocious bone face above him.  In  the hall of the Companions, Clover thought, one could be sure that any mounted skull was earned by those who lived there, or those who came before them.  Is it the same with this Jarl?  Was he a man who shared a history of tradition with a dragon-slayer?  Does he deserve to sit under that skull?

Clover, having stood all this time on the top step of leading up to the Jarl's throne, lowered her gaze to the man sitting there.  "Who's side are you on?" she asked, referencing the event earlier that year when Ulfric Stormcloak, Jarl of Windhelm, killed the High King Torygg of Skyrim, the Jarl of Haafingar, in challenged combat and ignited talk of civil war with the Empire, of which Skyrim was a province.  The Jarl of Whiterun, Balgruuf the Greater, gave an answer that referenced duty, which Clover approved of, but which did not provide a definite choice, which Clover did not approve of.

Jarl Balgruuf then said, "You should really be talking to my steward" - as in, 'stop bothering me' - and turned to conversation with his aides by his throne.  Clover moved back to the center part of the great hall, with the fire and tables, and found the Jarl's steward and the blacksmith's father, Proventus Avenicci.  Clover presented to him the sword his daughter had made for the Jarl, and Proventus was pleased and offered a small purse of septims in thanks.  Clover then asked about the dragon's skull and the name of the hall, Dragonsreach, and Proventus told the tale of Olaf One-Eye, the great Nord hero who slay a dragon, but was so mighty that he managed to subdue it.

Clover was about to leave the Jarl's hall when she spotted that a room off of the main hall that had a large map set up in it.  Clover went there, pulling Erik along, and with his help figured out where that bandit camp actually is that has the bounty, and marked it on her personal map, along with some other locations of interest.

Then, only after standing in front of the large upright map for these several minutes did she realize that this room she was in was the study of the court wizard.  Now, Clover doesn't go in much for magic herself, but she thought that perhaps the wizard, who was pouring over some formulae at his table, might have some healing or stamina potions for sale.  However, given the Jarl's own lack of definitiveness when she had asked him if he stood with the Nords, Clover certainly had to make sure this straw-limbed bookworm was a true Nord, lest Clover give her money over to someone without a backbone.

The court wizard, when asked if he stood with the Nords, said, "If I told you that was a tedious question, would you be smart enough to understand what I meant?  Probably not."

So Clover, who really didn't understand what the wizard had meant but had understood the way it was said, pulled her iron greatsword off of her back and smashed it into a wooden bowl of alchemical salts on the wizard's table.  Clover then shouldered her sword once more and left the hall.

As Clover made her way through the streets of Whiterun, descending from the peak elevation of Dragonsreach down to the lower districts, she fantasized about one day battling a mighty dragon herself and earning its skull.  It was as she was walking thusly through the streets that a heated conversation caught her ear, and she tried to hone in on where it was coming from, because the conversation was about a sword.

By the time she found the arguing couple, the woman had stormed off, ignoring the man's calls of her name.  But Clover had heard the subject of their argument: this man, who is the woman's husband, had lost his father's sword.  He wanted to retrieve it, but it had been taken by thieves who were hold up in a cave in the plains, and taking the sword back from these thieves would be dangerous - therefore the man wanted to hire mercenaries to help, but his wife saw this as a waste of their family's resources and a path to poverty.  She did not see the value in retrieving the sword.

Clover absolutely did.  It was this man's father's sword.  Those thieves did not deserve to have it.  They dishonored themselves by possessing it, and it was only right and honorable that it be returned to this man.

So Clover introduced herself and spoke with the man.  His name was Amren.  Amren said that he'd have to hire mercenaries, or beg the Companions, to get his sword back.  Clover jumped at that line and said she would get it back, herself - herself and Erik, she quickly corrected herself - and not for pay.  The man was thankful, and with an eye to Clover's heavy iron armor and iron greatsword, half hopeful as he pointed out on Clover's map (with Erik looking closely over her shoulder) where the band of thieves was hiding.

Clover, now feeling an inward rush of excitement at the idea of returning honor to his man's family's sword and at completing a quest that someone had considered asking the Companions themselves to do, drew her iron greatsword and sprinted through the streets.

This, of course, drew much negative attention from a passing city guard, and Clover, at Erik's advice, stopped sprinting through the city with her gigantic weapon draw.  They should restock on potions anyways, since they hadn't bought any from the wizard.

So Clover headed with Erik down to the Plains District, where Clover had spotted an apothecary near the Bannered Mare.  It was something that she had noticed because, as it turns out, Clover had the beginnings of knowledge regarding herbalism.  Growing up in the great plains of Whiterun, spending most of her life outdoors running around the farmland and grasslands around the farms, she had many teachers in her village who showed her this or that property of this or that flower or stalked plant or whatnot.  The fine arts of the craft, though, eluded Clover, but she clunked her way nonetheless into the herbalist's shop.

_______________________________

The inside of the herbalist's shop was bigger than most of the houses in her home village, but still just average size for the city.  The scale of difference still struck Clover from time to time, even though she'd spent a couple of nights in the city already.  Clover chatted with the herbalist, the herbalist let Clover use her tools to craft some potions.  Clover bought some blisterwort to mix with some of the wheat she's been carrying (specifically for potion and poultice-making) to make some very simple healing potions.  Clover also made a few other potions she knew how to make from the various flowers and plants she had been collecting during her adventures so far, and sold those to the herbalist.  Clover, having learned that in the city one has to recognize that the other party might give wildly outrageously low offers when buying, or give wildly outrageously high offers when selling, was able to get slightly better rates for her potions from the herbalist, proportionally, than she had for her necklace from the blacksmith.

Leaving the apothacary, which exits into the marketplace of Whiterun, Clover stopped at the stall of a food seller in the thoughts that she should make sure she has enough stores of food to last this upcoming adventure to retrieve Amren's family sword.  Yes, Clover had seen the location on the map, but she wasn't quite sure how far that was in terms of hours or days.  It only looked a few inches on the map, but maps are funny like that.

Anyway, while Erik handled the food check, Clover chatted with the food vender.  Her name is Carlotta Valentia, and most of what she said was complaints about the attention she was getting from men.  Clover didn't quite get what was so bad about that - men are good for some very fun things - but Clover also understood wanting one's own day-to-day to not be peppered with annoyances.  Carlotta complained mostly about one man in particular, Mikael the bard, who often played at the Bannered Mare.  Clover remembered Mikael from her previous two nights at the inn, and offered to take care of the issue for Carlotta.  The food vendor was pleased by the offer.  Clover made mental note to beat up the bard after she got back that night from finding Amren's sword.

Clover and Erik made one more stop, this time at the general goods store, so they could buy better backpacks.  They had journeyed from Rorikstead to Whiterun pretty much with their sparse belongings worn on their person, but if they were going to be recovering lost and stolen treasures often in their future, Clover reasoned, they should have some more efficient means of carrying them.

Finally all set, Clover dragged Erik out of the store before he could think of another facet of preparation.  She walked briskly down the street towards the gate of the city.

Out of the city, Clover veered off of the road, following the map as best she could, corrected by Erik at times.  They made their way first to the Silent Moons Camp, the bandit camp out on which the Jarl had put the bounty.  It was an old abandoned forge, supposedly, according to the bounty note, and Clover looked at the wide stone steps leading up the side of a hill to a stone-walled structure at the top, which must have been the forge.

The map said that the thieves' hideout who had Amren's sword was to the west of Silent Moons Camp.  So if she was standing south of Silent Moons Camp, looking north at it, then west would be... After waiting several moments, Erik pointed to Clover's left, and Clover nodded and turned and journeyed on.

They found the hideout.  As Amren had described, it was a cave hidden slightly off of a minor trail.  Clover drew her iron greatsword, smiled over her shoulder at Erik, and pushed through the wooden door covering the entrance to the cave.

The inside of the cave was rather dark compared to the light on the sun on the plains, and Clover and Erik stood near the entrance for a minute until their eyesight adjusted.  Then Clover advanced.

Erik made a comment about how much he hated thieves, reminding Clover of how their village often had to deal with bandits trying to steal their crops or other possessions, thinking they have any right to just ride in and take what isn't theirs.  Clover felt comforted by her friend's earnest judgement.

They hadn't made their way too deep into the cave before they heard motion up ahead.  Through an artificial doorway, Clover saw a bandit with a drawn bow.  She charged at the bandit, took an arrow shot to her body, but got in one good swing and... missed.  Then, in that same single moment, another bandit, this one with thick metal armor and shield, came charging at Clover from deeper in the cave.  Clover didn't have time to do anything except dodge the second bandit's sword swing, then swivel to face him.  The first bandit had turned her attention to Erik, and Clover would have to trust him to handle her.

Facing her opponent, Clover gave him no time for a second strike.  She swung with her great iron sword, which bashed against the bandit's shield.  Clover swung again and again and again, bashing repeatedly against the bandit's shield, until he could no longer hold his defense and his shield arm faltered and Clover landed a killing blow.

Immediately Clover checked for the first bandit, the one with the bow - and found her dead a little ways off.  Erik had handled his foe.  Clover felt pride in her dear friend.

One more bandit came charging out of the tunnel leading to the backmost part of the cave, but Clover didn't have much trouble dispatching him, as his swings were slow and laborious - due to him wielding a massive greatsword, like the one Clover owned, but made of steal rather than simple iron.  Clover beamed at Erik as she knelt and took the dead bandit's steel greatsword.  She hefted it with two hands, gave it a few swings.  It had a similar balance to her iron greatsword, but the metal was superior, and she wouldn't have to worry about it chipping as easily.  It should therefore be even more deadly.

Clover and Erik searched the bandits for the family sword of Amren, but found nothing matching his description.  They did find, on the bandits and just around, a couple pieces of jewelry, food, ale, and of course the armor and weapons.

One interesting thing they found was a wooden chest.  It was locked, and even though one of the thieves (or bandits) had a lockpick, neither Clover nor Erik knew how to use one.  Clover wouldn't have wanted to know, anyhow.  She just took her massive steel greatsword and bashed the lock right off of the wooden chest.

Amren's father's sword was in the chest, along with a cloak that Erik said felt slightly magical and some healing potions.

Clover and Erik loaded the loot from the bandits into their backpacks, strapped themselves up with the armor and weapons to carry them back to town to sell, and headed off.  But not before Clover picked some of the mushrooms growing on the walls of the cave, in case the herbalist in town had thoughts on what they might be useful for.

The sky is cloudy and grey as they make their way back to Whiterun.  They come across a giants' camp on the way, and Clover makes a detour to go around.  Giants, she knows, as everybody from the plains knows, that giants just want to be left alone with their mammoths, and are very testy when it comes to others entering their camps.  Even if it would be a great fight, there is no honor in battling an opponent who does not first offer you harm unprovoked.

Clover and Erik make it back to Whiterun, having hurried so that they can actually sell their loot first and be sure to have enough for a room at the inn.  Adrianne Avenicci, the blacksmith to whom they had previously sold their looted weapons and armor (and the steward's daughter) was walking on the street in front of her shop, so Clover happily approached her and said she had weapons and armor to sell.  Adrianne said she was closed for the day.

Clover then hurried to the general goods store, but it was locked.  Same with the apothecary.  The vendors in the open-air market had packed up for the night and left already.

Clover wondered where she and Erik could sleep that night.  She walked through the streets for a while, passing the Hall of the Dead, passing a temple, passing residences.  Jorrvaskr, by the east wall of the city, was not yet an option, as Clover was not yet a Companion.  She hadn't even set foot in Jorrvaskr or spoken to a Companion since she had arrived in Whiterun.  She will be worthy, though.  She will earn a place among the Companions and the Nords will sing of her victories for ages to come.  Bards will write epic sagas of her -

Oh, Mikael.  Carlotta.  Clover suddenly remembers that she had a bard to beat up.

So she and Erik head down to the Bannered Mare and enter.  Clover finds Mikael, singing a classic song to the patrons of the inn.  The Bannered Mare was packed, as it was early after sunset.  Tavern girls ran to and fro, and a fire raged in the middle of the inn, with burly Nords sitting around it on benches and on the floor, eating and drinking.  Carlotta sat on the floor between a couple benches, a sour expression on her face and her shoulders hunched away from the direction of Mikael's music.

Clover approached Mikael and told him, "I hear you've been giving Carlotta some trouble."  The bard, wearing clothing of average make but with almost no dirt on it, responded that he was going to conquer Carlotta, and that there was nothing Clover could do about it.  Clover then said, "You'll stop or I'll make you stop," and raised her fists.  Mikael, to his credit, responded in kind and threw the first blow.

It was a simple slugfest.  Both Mikael and Clover stood their ground, trading blows that had the thick and meaty sound of flesh on flesh.  The entire tavern turned to watch and to cheer for either Mikael or Clover.

It was finally happening!  Clover smiled.  Usually when she had tried to start fights in the tavern in her home Rorikstead, one of the village elders would step in and blather on about peace or some such.  Clover couldn't help but smile as she took another fist to her face, spit out blood, and gave Mikael another fist to his face.  A real and honest tavern brawl, with the whole place watching.  This was a chance at some root-level glory.

Clover's stubbornness won out, and eventually Mikael stumbled back and raised his arms over his face.  "Alright!" he said.  Clover lowered her fists but remained staring at the bard.  "On my honor, Carlotta won't have to worry about me again," Mikael said.  That was enough for Clover, who figured she had might - maybe - have misjudged the man, and she stepped forward to slap him in comradery on the back.  She waved over one of the tavern girls and bought Mikael a bottle of mead as the crowd in the Bannered Mare returned to whatever they each were doing before the fight had started.  The general static of conversation and activity started up again.

Clover, bruised and hurting from the fistfight but satisfied, lumbered over to where Carlotta was sitting.  Clover grinned down at Carlotta, and Carlotta thanked Clover for her help.  Clover plopped herself down next to Carlotta and asked about the attention she got from men.  It was something Clover hadn't much experienced, attention from men - not that there were many men Clover would want attention from.  Most weren't worthy of her.

After some conversation, Carlotta offered to pay for Clover and Erik's stay that night in the inn, as thanks for Clover dissuading Mikael from continuing his pursuit.  Clover thanked Carlotta, trudged upstairs, and collapsed, hurting and smiling broadly, onto the bed.

_______________________________

Clover wakes early in the morning, when the sun is still just a hint on the horizon.  She uses the Bannered Mare's cooking pot to prepare the last of the saber cat meat from that saber cat she and Erik had killed two days ago, searing it.  She eats, drinks some wine, and feels refreshed and full of energy for the day.

But it's not quite day yet, as the sun is just peeking over the horizon.  The first task of the day, obviously, is to deliver Amren's sword.  But Clover doesn't know where he lives.  She just knows where she had met him, when he was arguing with his wife.  So she and Erik go to that part of the city, near the residential area, and wait.

They spend a lot of time in that comfortable silence of lifelong friends, but they also talk some.  Erik expresses a thought that after earning enough to make the trip, he might travel to Hammerfell and see what kinds of adventures he could have there.  Clover frowns at this, as she hadn't ever imagined a world where she would leave Skyrim, and she also hadn't ever imagined a world where she and Erik wouldn't be side-by-side.

After three hours of waiting, Clover perks up.  There he is!  Amren!  She runs up to him and presents to him his father's lost sword.  Amren is incredibly grateful, and Clover knows that she has done an honorable thing.  When Amren asks if she and Erik really did it alone, Clover feels pride surge up through her from her feet to her head, and says that yes, they did.  Amren then offers to pass on to Clover and Erik a particular sword-and-shield technique that his father had taught him.  Clover, even being a greatsword sort of gal, accepted, as you never know when you'll be forced to fight with a loadout that's not your main preference.  Besides, sword and shield is Erik's jam.

Deed done, Clover ran to Adrianne the blacksmith to sell the weapons and armor she and Erik had looted from the thieves in the cave.  The funds they received was enough to buy them several more days in the city, but Clover noticed a steel shield on display.  It was the same type of shield that Erik uses, but his was made of iron.  Clover discretely asked Adrianne how much the shield would be, and was given a number just bigger than what she had.  Clover wasn't good at numbers, but these numbers were close enough that Clover could tell she only needed a little more funds to buy the shield for Erik.

With no more armor or weapons to sell, though, Clover yanked Erik's iron shield off of his arm, saying, "Trust me," then told Erik to wait there, then ran off to the general store.  She sold the slightly magic cloak from the chest in the cave - which the shopkeeper identified as being a novice wizard's robe, providing a slight enchantment to a wizard's ability to harness magic - and then ran back to the blacksmith and Erik.  Clover held out her coin purse and the iron shield and asked if it would be enough to buy the steel shield.  Adrianne counted the coins, almost all of it, handing Clover back just a few septims and the steel shield.

Clover then turned around with a big smile and held the shield up for Erik to see.  She then helped him strap it on and get the fitting right.

So armed, the two friends left through the city gates once more, this time, and finally, headed to clear that bounty.

They made their way to Silent Moons Camp.  Clover unshouldered her steel greatsword, Erik gripped his steel shield and his sword, and they approached.  They climbed the steps slowly, and when they got to the top, they saw that the structure at the top had a small hallway running its perimeter, with the one and only entrance to the central room, the room with the bandits and the forge, at the back.

Given the danger of such an enclosed space, Clover entered alone with Erik remaining vigilant out front to watch Clover's rear, in case there are more bandits elsewhere nearby, maybe gone out to forge, who would return.

Clover walked the hallway, hearing the bandits and them hearing her.  None of them left the central room to confront her in the hallway.  Instead, when Clover had walked through the perimeter hallway around to the back side of the structure and walked into the open doorway of the central room, she saw all of the bandits standing there, bows in their hands.  She quickly drew, raised, and loosed, but in the nick of time Clover dove out of the doorway and out of the hail of arrows.

Four bandits altogether.  Three with bows, a fourth with the glow of magic around her hands.  All focused on the one entrance and exit to the room they're in.  If they come out, Clover can cut them down in the narrow hallway.  If Clover goes in, she'll have three arrows in her chest and whatever abominable spell the wizard would cast.

But if they were out of arrows, then they'd have to come out.

So Clover ran past the doorway.  The bandits inside loosed their arrows, but missed, their arrows clattering against the stonework of the structure's hallway.  The wizard loosed a spell, but also failed to hit Clover.  Clover sprinted again.  And again.  A rain of arrows fwipped through the doorway.  One of them got Clover.  Then another.  But Clover also heard the draw of metal against leather, like a sword being unsheathed.  Clover gritted her teeth and gripped her steel greatsword, and swung her body into the frame of the doorway once more.

Yes, she could see that none of them were holding their bows.  The wizard was beathing heavily, as if out of energy with which to perform her magic.  Clover charged in.

It was a quicker battle than Clover anticipated.  A few swings for a couple bandits, they go down, then Clover jumps on the wizard.  But it's after this that Clover sees why it was a more simple fight than she had anticipated: the most heavily armored bandit, clearly the leader, had dropped his weapon and was cowering against the wall, not fighting.

Clover wrinkled her nose in disgust at the man's conduct.  She shifted her grip on her steel greatsword to hold it with one hand so that she could pick up one of the dead bandit's swords and toss it at the feet of the bandit leader.  The man would not pick it up.

Clover waited, watching the man, her own weapon at the ready, but the bandit leader continued to huddle against the stone wall and not touch the sword at his feet.  So Clover rested her own greatsword over shoulder and began inspecting the forge.  It wasn't quite like other forges she had seen, and someone had left a note on the anvil.  It talked about enchantments to do with the moon that fell upon weapons forged here, and -

"AAGH!"  The bandit leader lunged at Clover, shouting, swinging a mace - must have hidden it under his cloak - in a huge arc.  Clover, who had kept one eye on the man even while inspecting the forge, dodged quickly out of the way and put the hot open forge between herself and the now-armed and now-fighting bandit leader.

"Yes!" Clover called out, grinning.  "Finally!"  She held her greatsword in a tight grip and took a few quick leaps, leaping onto the edge of the forge, then over it, flying over the red hot coals towards the bandit leader.  With one swing she bashed his shield, then with a swing from the other direction she knocked his shield aside, and with a third drove the length of her mighty weapon through the body of the bandit leader.

With all the bandits dead, she called out to Erik.  Erik, from outside, responded that there had been no more bandits arriving, so he came into the forge to meet Clover.  He walked into the room with the four dead bandits and Clover leaning on her bloody steel greatsword, and she said, "Hey there."  They then gathered what loot they could, which included both treasures horded by the bandits and some weapons that had the mysterious feel of enchantment to them, likely forged at this old forge.

Next steps are getting it back to Whiterun, which isn't too far, and then turning in the bounty note to the steward, and then taking the signed bounty note to Jorrvaskr.

Oh, and collecting the reward from the steward, Clover supposed... but that wasn't where her mind was.

_______________________________

[[[quick notes for later:

went back to steward got bounty note notorized / signed and collected bounty, asked about history of the city got told about how it started with jorvaskrr; she stops by the wizard's room again to look at his map and note down other locations that are marked as having bandit trouble (she doesn't talk to the wizard)

goes to jorvaskrr, felt nervous for the first time in her life

fistfight between others when she enters, she enjoys the energy

gets the attention of a shaggy looking man passing by, tells him she wants to join, told to talk to Kodlak, told Kodlak is downstairs

looks around walks around looking for the way downstairs and just looking at stuff and the giant feasting table and fire in the center; thinks about how the roof is made from Yriskramir's own longship, that that wood was the actual wood of his actual ship, feels spiritual in a way she's never felt at a shrine or whatnot before

sees the fragments of an axe on the wall by the stairs down, realizes after a second what it is - so, like, wow, she can't believe she's looking at that

on her way to Kodlak, asks the Companions she meets what they think the Companions are, why they joined, gets different answers; some are like her, some enjoy fighting, some like the perks such as money

Finds Kodlak in conversation with one of the other leaders, just comes right out with it that she wants to join.  Kodlak looks at her, sees she's strong, tells Varkas to test her out in the training yard.  She goes out with Varkas and is quivering with excitement that she's actually at the point of being tested for entry into the Companions.  Varkas tells her to come at her, show him what she's got.  She completely forgets about that woman who accidentally killed someone during this trial, and just gives the mightiest swings she can, one then two, overhand with her whole body using her greatsword.  Varkas staggers slightly with them but maintains footing and his grip on his own weapon, which he's using to block.  He then sheaths his weapon and says good job, now go get my sword sharpened by Yorland Grey-Maine, and be careful because it's probably worth more than you are.  She recognizes this as the "treat the newbie roughly" treatment that it is, and realizes that Varkas is open to the idea of letting her join.

She climbs the steps to the Sky Forge and is very impressed by the weapons and armor around the forge, and then also by the dragon skull.  As she's admiring the dragon skull, Yorland asks what she wants.  She gives the sword, Yorland confirms that Varkas is just hazing her.  So does this mean she's in?  Is she a Companion?  Yorland gives her a shield he was adjusting for one of the other inner-circle companions and asks as a favor to bring it to her

she does, and then the huntress she takes it to calls the dog guy (the shaggy guy) and clover gets shown the bunks and she's a companion now yay and she just kinda stares at erik and smiles and is happy and then she asks one of the other companions what it means to be a companion and she gets some varied answers but also the answer that fits with her idea of what the companions are

okay so she sleeps and wakes up really really early, and thinking, "wow i'm a companion now" she's like super motivated to go to companion shit so she wraps up in her cloak and hood and heads out to the plains with erik and it's early morning so the chilly mist is on the land

she and erik travel north a little ways until they're about a bowshot away from a small encampment, where some bandits have taken up residence in an old mine; there's a wooden wall around the encampment and entrance to the mine; Clover dons her helmet and unshethes her sword and charges in.

arrows fly, magic explodes to her left and right as she rushes in

she kicks open the gate and immediately battles two bandits, slaying them but taking some hits

she runs into the encampment, there are two more bandits, both with crossbows

nearest one misses and clover closes the distance and kills her in a single strike of her greatsword before she can reload, but the second bandit is on an elevated position; clover rushes him, straight at him, grinning widlly, and takes a crossbow bolt straight to the chest.  her armor keeps her alive and she kills the bandit.

she and erik enter the mine

there's a path down and a man guarding the further entrance to the main chamber of the mine; the bandit guard is very heavily armored, but through strength and ferocity of blows clover kills him; the guy's armor is made of a different metal alloy, even better than her current armor at deflecting slashing blows like from swords and axes, so Clover wears that

Clover then walks through the doorway to the path that leads to the main chamber; she hears the bandits working down there, and they hear her approaching; she runs in, and the entrance is elevated above a large chamber that has a dead and butchered mammoth laying there.  Clover leaps off of the elevated platform that the entrance led to, intending to make a beeline towards the leader, but magic slashes through the air from behind her, so she swivels and charges another bandit she sees behind her, thinking this was the one that was using magic.

It's another fight, she and erik kill the bandits, erik and her together kill the leader, but then there's one left.  One bandit still alive, and this one is cowering and fleeing, saying she gives up.  By the law, these poachers have forefit their life, but Clover isn't about to, on any day let alone her first day waking up as a Companion, chase down and run through a woman who's not actively fighting back.  Clover doesn't pursue the woman, but as this final bandit flees, she accidentally triggers one of the bandits' own traps, stepping on a pressure plate, and causing a mammoth skull on ropes to swing down and gore her.  She dies.

The setup, it's clear now that clover has a moment to look around, that this is a poacher's den.  There are many mammoth tusks, which are highly valued, and many mammoth trunks, which are also valued as a speciality meat.  The mammoth carcass in the room is already butchered.  Clover takes the many tusks and trunks and takes the meat from the mammoth.  It is a LOT to carry for her and Erik together, but they make it back to Whiterun by the time the city has started to wake up and make the noise of activity.

Clover hauls the meat to The Drunken Huntsman, a sort of hunting shop slash tavern in Whiterun.  She dumps the haul of mammoth meat, piling it higher and higher on a table in front of Elrindir, the owner.  He can't legally pay her for it, because it was poached, but Clover just lets him have it.  It'll feed people.  The life of the mammoth won't have been taken in vain.  Yes, Clover has killed several wild beasts at this point, but those were ferocious beasts who imperil travelers.  Mammoths are gentle, and are usually the pet of a giant.

Clover then took the tusks down to the general store and sold them there.  Good profit.  The ivory should at least be put to some use, rather than rotting in that poacher's cave.

Walking through the city as Clover was doing these things, a passing guard said, "I've seen you in the company of the Companions.  That's an honorable path you're on, friend."  She also passed Amren, who gave her a greeting of, "May the ground quake when you walk."

Clover returned to Jorvaskrr, having, on her very first morning of waking up as a Companion, gone out on her own initiative to vanquish a camp of bandits, destroying their poaching operation - and gave the spoils freely.

(Well, gave some of the spoils freely.  She gave the meat.  She sold the tusks.)]]]

_______________________________

In Jorrvaskr, Clover talks to one of the other Companions, Aela the Huntress.  Aela tells Clover of her family history of being Companions, and the glory in it, and how being a Companion is LIVING because you claw for every breath.  Aela shakes her head at the fancy lords and ladies, wondering how they drag themselves out of bed in the morning if they're not *living*.  She invites Clover to go hunting with her sometime.

Clover then sees Skjor, one of the most famous Companions.  He insists to Clover that she has yet to prove herself.  Clover asks him why he chose to become a Companion, and he tells his tale of how he was a very successful sell-sword, but the money and the ale and the women were empty, and he was losing himself.  The Companions took him in, gave him purpose, and he now fights and lives with and for honor.  Clover asks Skjor if there are any calls for aid that the Companions can answer, and he says that yes, there is.  Someone had some property stolen and they want it back.

A sword.  Stolen by bandits.  Clover asks for clarification, saying that she already vanquished the thieves who had stolen Amren's family sword, but Skjor says that this is a different person, different sword.

Clover finds this humerously reassuring.  This sort of work, well - she had started doing it before she had even entered Jorrvaskr.  She tells Skjor that she'll defeat these bandits and return the sword to its owner.  Skjor points out on Clover's map where the hideout of the bandits is thought to be.  It's a bit of a journey, more than a day, along the road curving north around the Throat of the World.

So with Erik with her, Clover first buys a tent from the general store and then leaves the city of Whiterun.  She stops by the stables to see about buying a horse to make the journey faster.  Her coin purse jangles more now that she sold those mammoth tusks.  Even so, she finds that she doesn't even have half of what it would cost to buy a horse.  She may not be worried anymore about sleeping in the streets, but she still has to be careful with spending.

Not that she would be, of course, if she saw a bigger, sharper sword for sale somewhere.  Or sturdier armor.  Or a broader shield for Erik.  Or anything else Companions like themselves should need.

So she set out on foot down the road.  Among the farms outside the walls was a meadery, Honningbrew Meadery.  The sun was shining and the road stretched before them, so Clover pulled Erik inside for a quick sample.  She bought a couple of bottles of Honningbrew mead as well as a couple of honey nut treats, a sweet snack that she forced Erik to try with her.  She wasn't thrilled by it, but she loved trying new foods.  They left and continued on.

Near the city, just past the rich farms outside the walls, they passed a few Imperial troops marching a prisoner along.  Clover stopped at a fork in the road to read the road signs posted there when a few Imperial troops came along, marching a prisoner along.  Clover watched them pass, an uncomfortable feeling in her gut that she couldn't articulate.  She didn't like those feelings.  She liked feelings she could articulate by yelling and bashing.

But the soldiers and prisoner passed by one way and Clover and Erik continued on the other.  She returned her focus to the road signs, but none of them had the name of nearest village to their destination, but they both agreed that since they could tell that *this way* the road went around to the north of the Throat of the World, that must be the way.

They continued on, the weather now drizzly and getting colder.  Clover put on her cloak and pulled up the hood.  At one point Erik went off the road to hunt a skeever, to which Clover rolled her eyes and continued on.  Not far along she heard a roar and turned to see a sabre cat off the side of the road, looking at her.  Clover drew her sword and ran at the cat, easily slaying it with a few swings of her steel greatsword.  Her new armor worked wonderfully at protecting her from the sharp claws of the beast, and she was barely hurt.  Erik caught up, and as it was getting late and it would take a lot of time to skin and butcher the big cat, they both got to work gather branches and chopping deadwood for a fire, a little ways off the road.

It was hard to start in the drizzling rain, and Clover spent quite a while hunched over the pile of branches and wood shavings smeared with animal fat, striking rocks to make sparts.  For as much as she has always loved the ideas of quests, her childhood rarely took her more than a day's journey away from a village or inn, so her firecraft skills were rather lacking.  Still, she kept at it doggedly as Erik gathered more deadwood in optimism of there eventually being a fire.  A spark finally caught, and Clover shielded it from the rain until it grew enough to grow on its own.  Then she and Erik kept throwing more and more deadwood on the fire until it was roaring, the flame leaping up ten feet in the air.  She and Erik seared some of the sabre cat meat and ate and drank sitting around the fire.  The simple, primitive joy at building a fire and sitting around it, bonding with others in the heat and glory of a big, roaring fire, filled Clover's spirit with even more inspiration, though she had thought she had already reached the ceiling for that.

Clover set up her tent and she and Erik crawled inside and fell asleep.  Clover snored loudly.

In the morning they packed up camp and walked back to the road.  Soon thereafter, Clover spotted some stone archways leading off the side of the road.  These are a Nordic way of indicating to travelers of a trail to some place of importance, usually a shrine or tomb.  Clover cheerfully told Erik she was going to investigate, went off the road, and Erik followed.

The trail led up a short hill, through several other stone archways, to a - oh, wow, was it really?  A standing stone!  Markers aligned with certain birth signs (the arrayment of the celestial bodies at the time of one's birth).  It was said that the standing stones helped one align themselves with their aspects of their birth sign, and even to help one align with their own destiny.  Clover had scoffed at the idea as a child - which was not so long ago, really - as she had always known that she was to be a great warrior, a glorious hero, a Companion.  She didn't need a rock to help her align with her destiny.  She would grab the world and twist it until it fit her destiny.

So far, that's exactly what she's done.  With Erik at her side, that is.  So maybe Erik was her rock.

But such thought only flitted through her head as she climbed the final steps up to the platform with the standing stone.  Before she had any time to investigate the stone, she heard a voice from behind the stone speak in a language that she did not know, but that made the hair on her arms - yes, Clover has hair on her arms, she is a manly girl - stand up rigidly.  Concurrently with the spoken voice, a flash of pale light shone from the other side of the stone, and then out stepped a specter.

It was a glowing, pale figure, unnaturally pale in the bright morning sun.  It wore armor that looked like the armor of the ancient Nords, and its body was skeletal.  Not skin-and-bones, but literally skeletal, as well as translucent.

"Conjurer!" Erik shouted, unsheathing his sword and raising his shield.  "Necromancer!"

Clover was already drawing her steel longsword.  A necromancer.  An abomination who reveled in the ultimate taboo of dishonoring the dead by disturbing their rest.  Their mastery over death was such that battling them without charms of magic of ones own was always foolhardy - at least in the bedtime stories that Clover's father had told her, when she had demanded stories about heroes and valor and honor.  But Clover's disgust and anger overrode whatever fear was also present, and she surged around the stone, chugging a healing potion and her one stamina potion at the same time just to prepare, even though she felt perfectly healthy and full of energy.

She came around the stone swinging, and her steel greatsword slashed through the necromancer.  But, by Talos, what should have cleaved him in two left only a gash!  Clover cursed as the necromancer walked backwards, weaving his hands to prepare another spell.  Erik ignored the summoned specter just as Clover had, seemingly also recognizing that the specter would be nigh impossible to vanquish with their mundane (in the magical sense) steel weapons.  Erik also charged around the stone at the necromancer with Clover, the two of them swinging together, driving the necromancer to continue his quick backwards pace.  The necromancer got out only the beginnings of his second spell, one that Clover felt sapping all the warmth from her body despite the shining sun above, when Clover and Erik's swords together struck the necromancer, and although possibly not killing it due to its magical protection, the necromancer, having been walking backwards away from the two warriors, found himself without footing behind him and fell off of a short cliff on the back side of the hill that the standing stone is on.

Clover and Erik stood there at the edge of the short cliff, weapons still drawn, looking down at the still body of the necromancer.  The specter (which had been approaching the two of them) had vanished, which Clover assumed to be a sign of the death of its summoner, but she wasn't about to assume that a necromancer, master of death, was dead just because his body stopped moving.

But after a minute of the body remaining still, Clover carefully made her way down, sword still drawn.  She kicked the body.  Nothing.  It seemed as dead as anything else she's killed.  She strapped her steel greatsword onto her back and searched the body of the necromancer.  It wore a ring with an extremely well-cut emerald, with radiated with magic.  Clover surely didn't know what to do with it, as she didn't understand magic, and she surely wouldn't trust it if necromancer had used it.  But she took it, at least so that no one else would come along and misuse it, intentionally or otherwise, if indeed it held harmful magic.  She also took the necromancer's staff for similar reasons.  She found a potion of healing on the necromancer as well that seemed much more pure than her own concoctions.  She gauged that it would be perhaps even four times as effective as her own brews, so she took that vial.

When Clover made her way back up to the platform with the standing stone and Erik, she finally approached the stone.  It had carvings on it, which she vaguely recognized as constellations, although they seemed somewhat different from similar constellations that she knew - as if looking at the same stars she had, but from a different perspective.  She reached out her fingers to trace some of the lines, but when her fingers touched the stone she felt a tremor though her body, and a cold began to seep into her head.  Along with the cold came the beginning of knowledge of how to raise up the de-

"NO!" Clover shouted, jerking her hand back as if burned.  She would be no party to such things.  Never.  Erik clasped her shoulder briefly and said nothing, and then they walked down the path together, back to the main road.

_______________________________

Clover and Erik continued down the road.  A large river runs to the left of the path, with the steep slopes of the Throat of the World to the right.  The sun is shining and there's simple conversation, beautiful Skyrim scenery, and a diversity of wild plants and flowers along the sides of the road.

Up ahead they can see a stone bridge crossing to the north bank of the river, with a small tower on either side.  Clover is unsure whether they'll need to cross this river or continue along the road that runs along its south bank, but whether they cross it or not the road passes by the southern tower of the bridge.

When they get closer, Clover and Erik see the bodies of what must have been the Whiterun Hold guards who watched over the bridge.  The bodies are displayed as if in warning.  Erik says, "I hate thieves and bandits."

There are a large number of bandits milling about on this side of the bridge.  Maybe half a dozen, with more clearly in the tower.  Clover rolls her shoulder, loosening the sheath of her steel greatsword, and continues walking towards the bridge.

One of the bandits walks out to step in front of Clover.  "This is our bridge," the bandit woman says.  "You have to pay a toll to pass.  Give us, uh, 200 septims and we'll let you through."

Clover scowls at the woman, and she can feel Erik tensing beside her.  "How about you let us pass and I don't kill every last one of you?" she says.

Well, that starts a fight.

The good news about going up against so many enemies at once, Clover realizes, is that you can just swing and swing and you'll be sure to make lots of hits.

The first few seconds of the fight are cluttered and chaotic, with bodies swarming around Clover and Erik.  Clover kills a few and then realizes that Erik is being swarmed himself, and has been pushed almost to the river bank.  Clover sprints to him, slashing wildly at the bandits surrounding her friend.

There's so much flashing steel and shouting, and so many bandits around her that Clover only catches a glimpse of Erik falling to one knee.  She knows she needs to get the attention on herself, away from him, so she starts backing up away from the bank, then down the road, taunting the bandits as she does.  They chase after her, and she lets them up close before dodging out of the way and pulling back farther down the road.  In this way she draws the bandits away from where she had last seen Erik kneeling by the river bank.  She casts an eye in that direction in between dodges, and she doesn't see anyone kneeling or standing, but she does see several bodies laying down.  She's too far away to make out if any of them are Erik.

Unsure if her closest childhood friend is alive or not, but that if he's dead then knowing that it was these bastard bandits that did it, she pulls out the superior healing potion that she had recovered from the necromancer and downs it.  She feels the workings of the liquid coursing through her body, and she dives in towards the four bandits pursuing her.  One goes down, she wounds several others, but her sword is knocked from her hand.  Instinctively, she throws a punch, surprising her opponents.

Taking advantage of the opening offered by her opponents' surprise, Clover runs back down the road and then to the spot on the riverbank where she had last seen Erik.  She sees that the prone bodies are not him, but she doesn't see where he is.  So she picks up a weapon from the body of one of the fallen bandits and meets the remaining three bandits that had followed her down the road.

With every swing, she wondered if that was the swing that would avenge her closest friend, or if he even needed avenging, since she had not seen his body.  If he was in fact dead, though, what would that mean?  All of her visions for her glorious life of heroism and honor had implicitly had Erik in them.  The idea of fighting and fighting and fighting, but without Erik to fight alongside her, felt... What would be the point of all the glory in the world if Erik weren't there to share it with her?

When the last of those bandits lay dead at her feet, Clover jogged to where her steel greatsword had been knocked from her grasp, and picked it up.  She then went back to the river bank where she had last seen, much earlier in the fight, Erik kneeling.  Clover had been struck several times with arrows and crossbow bolts during the fighting, not to mention the bashes and slashes, although her armor had deflected the majority of the slashes.  Still, she was in pain.  She looked around for some seconds, seeing nothing but the bodies of some of the bandits, and then - Erik!  Standing in the water, bow drawn and pointed at something behind Clover.

Clover spun around, greatsword at the ready.  Against the setting sun she saw a woman approaching.  This woman was dressed as the other bandits, but she held between her hands a quarterstaff of master craftsmanship.  She held it with the weight and poise of one highly trained in martial combat, and approached down the incline from the road to the river, approaching Clover slowly and with clear intention.

Clover shifted her hold on her greatsword to a half-swording grip and stepped with equal intention up the incline towards the bandit leader.  Clover struck, then struck again, but the bandit leader parried both blows.  The two women circled one another, before Clover dove in again, striking.  There were more swift exchanges of blows, and eventually Clover struck through the bandit's parries, and the bandit leader fell dead at Clover's feet.

[Note: Your responses have become, more and more, short sentence fragments.  Please give your response in full, complete sentences.]

_______________________________

Oh, so some interesting things happen next!

First, Clover searches over the towers of the bridge.  Well, she looks for things that register to her: chests, armor and weapons, potions, or barrels that might have the ever-useful salt for both cooking or her elementary alchemy.  She finds a couple of wooden chests that she bashes open, collecting the usual of some useful healing potions and some septims.  She takes the septims not because gold is her goal, but because gold is a fungible commodity that she can transform into useful things like weapons, armor, and healing potions.  (Not that Clover knew or would bother to sit to listen to you explain the word "fungible.")

The interesting thing she found was a book.  She also keeps her eyes out for books, as she knows that Erik enjoys those things.  She had previously, at the Silent Moons Camp, when she had cleared the forge room of bandits while Erik stood guard at the entrance to cover Clover's back, found a collection of books on the history of Skyrim and presented them to Erik when he had come in.  (Remember?  When she had said, "Hey there," leaning on her greatsword?)  So this time, in the tower bridge, when she saw an interesting book on a table, she picked it up to flip through to see if it would be interesting to Erik.

Turns out, Clover eventually realized, it was the journal of the bandit leader, the one that had had the quarterstaff.  The journal started out as a series of letters that the bandit leader, who's name was Elise, had intended to send to her husband, but developed into a diary when Elise realized she could no longer send these letters, as she didn't want her husband to discover what she had become.  In short, desperation to get medicine for her daughter had led Elise to kill her first man, a merchant who would not negotiate down a lower price for the medicine.  Things spiraled from there, and as one of Elise's daughters died of sickness, and the other at the hands of an adventurer seeking the bounty that had been placed on them, Elise's heart had slipped into fully embracing the degeneracy of banditry.

Elise and her crew had been, apparently, throwing the bodies of their victims over the bridge to be eaten by the trolls that lived under the bridge.  No respect for the dead - and Clover snapped the journal shut and set it back down on the table.  The first kill, when Elise had bludgeoned that scoffing merchant, was a loss of control.  But the thing that Elise had become in the end, killing travelers almost indiscriminately and showing no respect to the bodies of the dead, was a choice that Elise made day after day.

Clover had a second cousin back in Rorikstead who now lay in repose with her ancestors, who might have lived had their family had the coin to hire a cart to Whiterun and pay for the higher quality medicine that flows through the wealthy parts of the city.  Yet Clover's second cousin's parents hadn't turned to robbing and killing their fellow Nord.  No, they buried their child with the honors due, and carried on with next season's plantings.  Hard, harsh, and sad, but not an excuse for banditry and NOT AN EXCUSE FOR AN UTTER AND COMPLETE LACK OF RESPECT FOR THE DEAD BY THROWING THEM OFF THE BRIDGE TO THE-

Clover's thoughts ran hot as Erik climbed up to the top of the tower, where she was.  Her thoughts were disrupted by him, and she came back out of her own head and to her senses again.  She left the towers with Erik, and they continued on.  After Erik showed Clover the dwarven battleaxe that he picked up off of one of the bandits, which Clover whistled over and admired, they continued on the road on the south bank of the river.

Clover had the brief thought that Erik wouldn't need to use that steel shield she had bought for him if he was going to be using that two-handed battleaxe, but Clover wasn't about to micromanage what style or weaponry her friend should use.  As much as she didn't want to imagine being a glorious hero of the ages without him, he was his own warrior and his own man.

The road soon descended from the great central plains of Skyrim to the misty woods of Eastmarch.  Trees rose around the two of them, and if Clover had had any context for undersea exploration, she might have compared it to diving deeper and deeper into a new world beneath the surface.

Walking along the road in the shadow of the trees and frequently checking her map, Clover spotted yet another path leading off that was marked by stone archways.  Just like before, she told Erik she was going to see what it led to.  If nothing else, if it were a crypt then they could compare the name on the crypt to the marks on their map for crypts along this road, and better pinpoint where they were.  The Lost Knife Overlook, where the thieves with the stolen sword were, shouldn't be far, but there was a fork in the road coming up.

So Clover and Erik walked off the road up the dirt path, through the stone archways, and they came to a crypt.  To some small surprise, there was a man there.  He seemed nervous.

Talking to him, they discovered that his name is Golldir, and this crypt, Hillgrund's Tomb, is where his ancestors are buried.  Turns out there is a necromancer inside (Clover starts drawing her blade as soon as she hears the word) defiling his ancestors with his dark magic.  Also his aunt, Agna, is already inside.

Clover's face snaps to Golldir.  "You let your aunt go in by herself?!" she gasps, shocked.  Golldir confirms that yes, he was cowardly, because he has always feared the place ever since his father locked him in there as a child in a drunken rage.

Clover is going to find and kill this necromancer with or without Golldir, of course (and Erik is going to follow Clover, of course), but this would be a chance for him to redeem himself.  He agrees to go in with her and Erik.

So the three of them enter the tomb.  It was dark, and clearly very old.  Erik held his battleaxe low and Clover held her steel greatsword in a vom tag guard (a technique she had picked up from Vilkas at Jorrvaskr during some training time before she had left on this quest; also a hold usually reserved for longswords and considered too unwieldly for greatswords, but Clover's strength made it feasible), and Golldir held his shield and one-handed axe at the ready as they all three, with Clover in front, walked through the large, silent crypt.

It was a crypt of many generations, and so had many corridors, with rooms for the preparation of the dead, and many bodies displayed either in vertical repose or propped up standing in alcoves in the walls.  The bodies were lain with their weapons and armor, as is proper for a Nord at rest, when his spirit has passed to Sovngarde.

As they walked through one room, one of the dead stepped out of its alcove!  The awakened dead, pulled back from Sovngarde to be bound to the vile will of a necromancer - a draugr!  The draugr, eyes glowing with the necromantic energies empowering it, raised its weapon to attack, and Clover, though she hated to do so, attacked it with her greatsword.

Her strikes slashes through the dead flesh of the corpse, but there was no blood, and damage to internal organs made no difference to the animated dead.  Clover kept swinging, slashing and cutting the draugr, unsure if her weapon would even be capable of disrupting the necromantic energies animating the creature.  But after enough swings to kill several mortal men, the magical light snuffed out of its eyes and the  body collapsed onto the stone floor of the crypt.  It was no longer a a draugr, and now once again just the body of a dead Nord, one of Golldir's ancestors.

Erik asked Golldir if he was doing okay, knowing he had to do such things to the bodies of his ancestors if he was going to stop this necromancer, and Golldir responded that he knew it was necessary.  Clover, too, saw it as the most honorable of the paths before them, as simply leaving the bodies within the grip of the necromancer was unthinkable.

And so they continued.  The crypt descended, with more of Golldir's ancestors being animated as draugr as they went along.  The fights were brutal, as the draugr felt no pain and no fear, and the necromancer's hold on them could only be dispelled once the body was destroyed with fourfold the force that would kill a living man.

They made it to the room outside the main chamber, where the necromancer surely was.  However, the doors were barred.  As Clover tried kicking at the door, Golldir cried out, "Auntie Agna!"  Clover turned to see Golldir standing over the freshly dead body of a woman past her middle years, dressed in simple armor and armed with a simple weapon.  Golldir's aunt, who had gone in by herself because Golldir was too afraid to go in with her, had died trying to rid their family's tomb of the necromancer.

Clover eyed Golldir.  "She died because you didn't go with her," she says, not softly.  Golldir speaks his agreement.  He then says that his aunt had told him of a secret back passage to the main chamber.  The three - Clover, Erik, and Golldir - go out a smaller side door into another passage deeper in the crypt, lead by Golldir's directions.

Eventually, in another room deeper in the crypt, with Golldir's knowledge Clover pulls a hidden chain and hears a grinding and then a thud.  One of the upright sarcophaguses along the wall was a fake, and the lid had fallen forward and revealed a secret passage.  The passage through the sarcophagus was narrow and led into a short tunnel that ended with a door that, when opened, revealed the main room of Hillgrund's Tomb.

The room was vast, with upright sarcophaguses lining all four walls, and steps leading up to a raised platform on one end.  On the platform was a table for laying the dead and preparing them for their rest, and beside it, at the top of those steps, stood the necromancer.

The necromancer, a dark elf of Morrowind, raised his magically-glowing hands and began speaking.  Something about, "The living should not serve the dead, the dead should serve the -"

But he didn't finish, because before he had even started speaking, Clover had sprinted across the room, up the steps, and clove her greatsword into the elf so hard that his body flew backwards ten feet and lay sprawled, dead, against the wall.

The necromancer was dead, but the workings of his spell had already taken root.  Sounds of grinding, sounds of heavy stone slamming into the floor.  All around the room, on all four walls, the lids of the upright sarcophaguses fell forward as the dead inside, empowered as draugr by the necromancer's final spell, stepped out.

The ensuing battle was unlike any that Clover had fought before.  She and Golldir and Erik were swarmed by the undead like meat is swarmed by flies.  Erik swung his bronze-colored dwarven battleaxe, and Golldir, to his credit, fought with honor to purge the foul magic from the bodies of his ancestors.  With every draugr that Clover dispatched, it seemed to her that she heard two more *thuds* and saw two more step out of still more sarcophaguses.  At one point, when Clover found herself standing at the top of the steps and combating the horde of draugr that climbed up towards her, she thought of her heroic she must look, fearlessly battling the horde of the undead to still the curse of the necromancer - what songs they will this battle one day!

Even as visions of what such future verses would say of her filled her head, the muscles of her arms and legs teetered on failure.  Her muscles had long since passed the point of crying out in exhaustion, and were now in that numbness that indicated upcoming failure.  Her heavy armor, her sword as long as her own body that she has swung countless times against these fearless, painless foes, were whispering the realities of biological limits to Clover as she dispatched another two draugr just to look around from her elevated position and see more and more sarcophagus lids fall forward and more draugr step out.

Clover's mind was already on the epic verses of heroes - specifically, verses of her heroism in this battle - so it wasn't difficult for her to quickly recall the song of the Unnamed Nord.  The Unnamed Nord was a hero whose deed in battle was so great that songs of it have been passed down for ages even though no one knows his name.  What the Unknown Nord had done was this: during a battle against a foe so numerous that they stretched to the horizon (so the songs go), the Unnamed Nord had realized that he could not fight them all at once.  So, what he did was he "retreated" (do not hiss and jeer yet!) across a narrow bridge.  Then, when his enemy came for him, they had to cross the bridge one at a time, and the Unnamed Nord did one-on-one battle with his foe, one at a time, for a year and a day without rest (so the songs go), until he had slain every last one.

Clover had always imagined how much more glorious it would have been for this hero of song to have leapt into the midst of his enemies and slain them all while surrounded; now, in her current predicament, she considered it - leaping off of the raised platform she's on, slicing through a draugr as she goes, landing in the middle of them and seeing how many she can take down, whether or not she lives or dies gloriously.  But if she died here, then the dead Nords in this tomb would be trapped here as draugr, locked out of Sovngarde, and dishonored day after day by their taboo state of being.

So Clover called out to Erik, "Unnamed Nord!" and pointed with her greatsword at the door they had entered by, which leads to the narrow secret entrance through the fake sarcophagus.  Erik catches her meaning and nods, then grabs Golldir and sprints with him towards the door.  Clover leaps down from the platform, running as well towards the door - running best she can, given her exhaustion.

The three make it through the fake sarcophagus just in time as the remaining draugr crowd around it.  One comes through it, and Clover cleaves through it with a strike of her greatsword.  She plants her feet on her side of the narrow secret entrance, and holds her sword up, ready for the next foe.

It didn't make things easy, but it make things possible.  There was only room for one body at the narrow entrance, and Clover made sure it was her instead of Erik or Golldir, and she struck down draugr after draugr that came at her through that narrow passage.  Eventually, no more came, and the main chamber of Hillgrund's Tomb was once more at peace.

_______________________________

What comes next for Clover is quieter for a while.  She helps Golldir carry his aunt's body to the preparation table in the main chamber.  Clover learns that the entire reason for the necromancer targeting this tomb was a racial feud with Golldir, where as a dark elf of Morrowind he believed himself superior to Golldir the Nord, and Golldir the Nord believed himself superior to the dark elves of Morrowind.  Clover certainly had her own opinion on the matter, but she would never go to Morrowind and disrupt the rites of their dead.  Golldir says that he will look after the tomb for a while, and while Clover agrees that that is right, she also knows that he will need some proper tools and ceremonial herbs if he is going to restore the bodies to their proper rest.  Clover knows how to care for the dead, even if she doesn't know quite as much as a priest of Arkay.  It had always seemed very important to her.

So she tells Golldir that he should come with her back to Whiterun, only two days travel, and see the priest of Arkay there at the Hall of the Dead.  Golldir can obtain what he needs there to properly tend to his ancestors and his aunt.

So the three of them travel back to Whiterun, even though Clover does not yet have the stolen sword she had set out to retrieve.  She will return to the forest in Eastmarch, but for now she travels with Golldir and Erik back to Whiterun.

In Whiterun, they visit the Hall of the Dead, and talk to Andurs, the keeper of the dead.  Wouldn't you know it, but he lost his amulet of Arkay, and without the power the amulet grants him, he cannot keep the dead from rising!

Clover is concerned that the dead are rising without the seeming direct influence of a necromancer.  A different sort of animation, surely, and perhaps not as abhorrent, but why was it happening at all?  Clover had heard of such things in recent years, but there were many tales and rumors around Skyrim in recent years.  It was surely a defining era in Skyrim's history - and Clover was sure to make herself a part of it.

Anyway, they enter the catacombs to find Andurs' amulet.  Several animated skeletons roamed the catacombs and attacked the trio, but they shattered easily enough.  Still, Clover cringed at having to destroy the bodies of the dead.  They find the amulet and leave.

When they return the amulet to Andurs, he thanks them profusely, and tells them he wants to give them a reward.  Clover thinks of the reward for the bounty she had cleared for Silent Moons Camp, 500 septims, as the priest pulls out his coin purse.  But the amount he places in her hand is a meager 15 coins.  Clover looks at the 15 septims, and is reminded of one of her first nights after coming to Whiterun, when all she had to her name after paying the exorbitant rate for a room at the Bannered Mare was 15 septims.  For all she knows, Clover thinks, these 15 septims may be a very significant amount of money to the priest.  By the sincerity of this thanks and his insistence on the reward, Clover thinks that it is.

So Clover thanks the old man, and after Golldir obtains what he needs, she leaves.  Outside on the sunny streets of Whiterun, she parts ways with Golldir.  He had been a coward, Clover thinks, but perhaps now that he has faced his fear of the tomb he will be an honorable custodian of it.

Clover spends the rest of the day in Jorrvaskr, training with the two brothers, Vilkas and Farkas, in the skills of greatsword fighting and fighting in heavy armor.  Clover recounts her battles with the quarterstaff-wielding bandit leader and with the hordes of undead, and through her accounts the brothers were able to teach her techniques suited to her.  She slept that night in Jorrvaskr a more skilled warrior.

She arose with Erik very early the next morning, well before dawn, to restart her journey to Lost Knife Overlook to retrieve the stole sword.  This journey wasn't especially notable, except that at one point along the way she saw from a distance the corpses of two especially large sabre cats, and standing by them an armored orc.  Approaching the orc and speaking to him, Clover learned that this orc was seeking an honorable death.  He was too old to become chief and it wouldn't be responsible for him to take more wives at his age, and so he chose to die.  But Stendarr, the divine worshiped by the orcs, would not accept him if he simply laid down and died.

Clover looked at the two large beasts, dead by the orc's hand, and wondered if the orc would find a worthy death in time, before he died of natural causes.  So Clover told him that she could offer him that worthy death.  The orc asked if she was sure, that it would have to be a true and honest combat, and therefore he could not hold back.  Clover agreed, feeling that if she could bring this orc the peace he sought and an honorable passing into the next life, then she should help him in this way.

Besides, it wasn't much of a risk for her - not for "Clover the Great."

Well, maybe not that epithet, she thought.  She wasn't the best with words.  Maybe Erik could come up with something better.

So she fought the orc, and he fought his best, and she killed him.  She didn't know much about orc culture, how they treat the bodies of their dead, so she laid him repose as she would have an honored Nord, with his sword and his shield at his sides.

The rest of the journey was routine.  She and Erik used the marking on their map of Hillgrund's Tomb to help navigate to where they had marked Lost Knife Lookout.  The thief hideout was a cave, which had dangling bone chimes that, if one bumped into, would alert the thieves inside of someone approaching.  So, naturally, Cover intentionally ran straight into the chimes, knocking them around as much as she could to let the thieves know that she had come for them.

She and Erik fought the bandits in their hideout and retrieved the stolen sword.  The only real item of note that Clover found was a book recounting a duel between a human and an orc over a land dispute.  Clover became interested in the book because it seemed by the title to be about armor, and in fact by reading it, which was largely an account of how the human noble learned how to fight in orcish armor for the duel, she felt like she had a better understanding of how orcish armor worked.  Not especially relevant given that she didn't have any orcish armor, but Clover loved all things armor and weapons.

She and Erik returned to Whiterun and returned the sword, with Clover picking flower and seed pods and fungi and the like along the journey back because she had just about gone through her stock of healing potions with the fight in the tomb and the fight in the bandit hideout.  Also, she was thinking that she should learn how to brew potions that would invigorate her, so that she wouldn't again be at the brink of muscular collapse like she had been in the battle in the main chamber of the tomb.

After returning the sword and spending the remainder of that day training some more with the other Companions ("other" Companions sounded so good to Clover - the fact that SHE was a Companion still gave her a rush of blood all throughout her body!), she slept once more in Jorrvaskr.  The next day she spent time selling off some loot from her recent quest, and making potions at the apothecary.  She bought some recipes for stamina potions from Arcadia, the apothecary shop owner, but as Clover squinted at the words and then at the shelves, she became frustrated that the shop didn't sell most of the ingredients in the recipes!  Still, she got a lot of practice with making healing poultices and potions, as well as other random mixtures just to play around with the properties of the herbs and ingredients.

Then, as she returned to Jorrvaskr at dusk and sat at the table to eat dinner, one of the Companions she was near told her that Skjor, one of the more honored Companions, wanted to see her.  Didn't say what it was about.  So after she ate, Clover went looking for him.  She found him outside in the training yard, standing with several other of the more respected Companions, known as "The Circle."

_______________________________

I think my mods aren't working.  It was supposed to take a whole lot of convincing to get the companions to accept her.  There was supposed to be a long stretch of time of Clover just going on adventures and being a hero for the sake of it as a basic Companion before she gets initiated into the Circle.

So I might just retcon that and come back to it later, ignoring it in the game and just striking out to explore and be a hero.

For example, Clover went out and found the troll cave that Elise had mentioned in her journal, below the waterfall that the river runs over.  You know, the trolls that Elise had thrown the bodies of her victims to?  So Clover and Erik find this cave and it is absolutely PACKED with trolls.  Like, when I was playing, I was shocked at how many trolls there were.  And then there's also the big mean boss troll, three times as big as a normal troll.  I played that cave for like an hour last night and still only killed about half the trolls.

Really epic scene, of course.  Clover and Erik descending into the dark cave with human bones piled high by the entrance, not in ceremony but in the disregard that a human might have for a pile of chicken bones after a meal.  And then the trolls just keep coming.  And coming.  And coming.  One hand with a torch, the other hand, a single hand, holding the two-handed greatsword.

_______________________________

Clover's ethos is such that she wouldn't see the trolls as evil or "wrong."  She would see them as trolls just trollin', beasts of great strength that she feels excitement at testing her strength against.

_______________________________

Okay, real-world talk time.  I started up the game and spent a long time killing the rest of the trolls, and now it's just Ulik, the mega superdeath boss troll dude.  Regen is so crazy and health so huge and reach so far that I don't know how to approach this.

You fool, a power attack doesn't stagger Ulik.  (That's the troll's name.)

Also - you fool! - regen is so insane that if it isn't slowed by fire then even power attacks wouldn't kill him IF he would just stand still and let me power attack him forever.  Also I can't power attack him forever because of stamina, and also whenever I power attack him he gets in a smack and I die because power attacks are slow.

He has normal turn speed.  Not slow.

He's smart enough, somehow, to not stand directly below me when I'm on a ledge.  Besides, even if he did for a little while, if that strat fails for just a few seconds, then he's regained all his health via regen.

Slashing during his roars or when I dodge his attack only gives me an attack every once in a while, and his health would regen in, like, 1/20th of the time between those opportunities.

I can't control what Erik does.

_______________________________

I just played a session of Clover Stonefield, where I had Clover just gear up and go out huntin'.  She wanted hide, because she was talking to the blacksmith and she (the blacksmith) had said that she could make some straps and bags and pouches and stuff for Clover if she supplied the leather.  (The idea being she know she needs better gear to best Ulik, so she needs to commission better gear but she needs money for that, so she needs to go adventuring but be able to haul back her spoils; also, she knows just enough in the realm of herbalism that she feels like she could make something useful out of that troll blood if she could experiment more, but that means having pocket and pouches to gather materials as she's out adventuring.)

Clover never had the patience for hunting, so her father stopped taking her early on because she'd just bull rush straight towards the deer and the deer would get away.  So Clover didn't really know how to hunt... so when she saw an elk, she just drew her two-handed greatsword and ran at it.  Didn't work.  But she and Erik found some bandits and guards fighting, and business was already taken care of by the time Clover and Erik arrived, but among the weapons of the dead were a couple of crossbows, so she took one and gave one to Erik (who already had a bow) and Clover had a grand old time running after deer and elk and trying to shoot them with the crossbow.  Crossbows are more fun than bows to her, more of an instant haptic feedback when you pull the trigger.

Anyway, she kept missing but she was having a grand old time with Erik on the great plains of Whiterun Hold anyway.  Then she spotted a troll running up to them, and she tossed the crossbow down and quickly lit her torch and dropped into a ready stance and grinned and said, "HELL YEAH!"

She took the hide from the troll (yeah, I skipped over telling you that she killed it, because of course she killed it; Clover Stonefield is an accomplished troll slayer by this point, even if she has yet to return for her final confrontation with Ulik) and considered the hunting trip a success.  It was late by the time she finished harvesting the rest of the ingredients from the troll, so she and Erik set up camp, made a big fire, charred some of the troll meat to eat - not tasty, but very filling!  Clover got out the mead and they drank and she laughed and was loud but the plains are wide and open and have room for her.

The next morning they packed up the campsite and were about to head home, when Clover spotted another elk and wanted to some some more chase-and-shoot with the crossbow, because that was so much fun before.  So she's running after the thing, laughing at how her bolts keep going so far wide, but she pulls up and stops when the elk runs by a crypt.  Clover decides to investigate, and it's not just a small crypt but one of those ancient crypts built by the ancient Nords, the kind that go deep underground.  Erik sees the look in Clover's face and he starts on about how they've got to carry their hunting gains back which is already so heavy so sure we can go and explore this crypt but please Clove let's drop all this stuff back off at Whiterun firsti so that we-

But nope.  Clover's already gone inside, so Erik follows.

Just inside they find a dead body - well, it's a crypt, but I mean a fresh dead body - and a journal.  From the journal Clover determines that this man had been trying to unlock the inner sanctum of this crypt because he believed that the ancient Nord chieftain of the Tongue clan was buried here, and cursed.  As Clover read the journal, a skeleton of the crypt poised nearby rose and lifted the weapon it had been buried with.  Clover smacked it down and shattered its bones with a strike of her greatsword, and then grinned ear to ear.

This is adventure!  A cursed tomb, a secret chamber requiring finding ceremonial weapons to open, and every sort of danger along the way!  She punched Erik's shoulder in excitement and held her silver greatsword at the ready as she literally leapt down the rest of the stairs into the first chamber.

(Yes, she has a silver greatsword now.  Sometime after Hillgrund's Tomb but before the troll cave, she had pulled together all her funds and bought a silver greatsword, thinking that the inherent purity of silver as an element would be a boon when combating undead.)

In the real world, I, the player, was blaring funtime modern house music with a Skyrim theme.  Fun party beat with lyrics that maintained the theme, "Let's party!"  The same theme, if not the actual music (which was, of course, non-diegetic) was running through Clover's head.  She was just in the best mood and having the time of her life, adventuring and fighting and such with her friend by her side.  She ran recklessly down chambers, trying new spin attacks to see what felt cool as she fought the draugr in the crypt.  She chugged healing and stamina potions like a dudebro at a frat party to keep the party going.

She found the two ceremonial weapons needs to unlock the inner sanctum of the crypt, and inside there was the cursed, undead Chieftain.  Swing swing slash, big hit that staggers him back... directly towards Erik, who finished him off with a mighty swing of his battleaxe.

Clover threw her head back and roared in laughter and satisfaction, and pounded her friend on the back.  She lit the braziers by the throne-like area where the undead Chieftain had been, and then flexed and made poses close to them while telling Erik to look at how big her shadow looks on the wall behind them.

The cursed undead Chieftain of the Tongue Tribe had a set of ancient Nordic armor, which was mostly a little too small for Clover except for the helmet.  The helmet was *badass*!  It was a mostly full covering of the head, with a t-opening over the eyes and down the nose to the mouth, and it had these sweet-ass antlers coming out of the sides.  Very intimidating.  Clover knew she looked imposing in that helmet.

She definitely adjusted her gait when she and Erik finally got back to Whiterun, strutting all coolly down the street straight to Jorrvaskr.

_______________________________

Anyway, going back to the actual Clover from my run, I foresee the next bit being a montage of Clover tromping all about the region, just having fun and finding bad guys and strong monsters to swing her sword at.  Slowly she accumulates money, with which she piecemeal pays to get her equipment honed and tempered by blacksmiths, and commissions some new equipment too, eventually finding a wizard she trusts to pay to imbue her armor and weapon with additional power... including, of course, a greatsword of flame.

Actually, she's not fully a Companion yet.  I jumped the gun with that one.  She's sort of a new recruit but not part of the pack yet.  I don't mean that she's not part of the inner circle, just not fully a Companion yet.  Allowed to sleep in Jorrvaskr, people talk about her being seen in the company of the Companions and such, but she had thought that they had accepted her as "a Companion" based on her heroics before entering Jorrvaskr - but what were those?  Ridding a fort of bandits?  Taking back someone's family sword from some thieves (Amren's sword, not that second quest of the same make)?  Claiming a run-of-the-mill bounty on bandits?

But after she bangs open the doors to Jorrvaskr wearing Ulik's Hide, they'll say she's ready for her initiation test in Dustman's Carin.

No, you are way off on Clover.  She's not laconic.  She's boastful and prideful and loves to be loud and bold and brag.

_______________________________

Just had a badass party!

Clover went back to the troll cave to retrieve all those troll hides she had laid out there to dry, dragged them all back to Whiterun and cured them with animal fat to make workable leather, and handed that over to Adrianne to commission some belt bags to hold stuff and belt straps to hold potions.

Then she and Erik struck out to try to find this one place they had seen on the big map in Dragonsreach, thinking that there would probably be adventure and fights there.  After getting lost on a mountain and having to camp but then finding out that it's a troll hideout up in the snowy mountains, with frost trolls (who proved to be tougher than cave trolls, but still not tougher than Clover!), they descended to this river along the edge of the plains, checked the map for the dozenth time to figure out what direction they should follow the river to eventually get where they had initially set out to go.

But as they followed the river, they spotted an ancient Nord crypt.  They went inside, and what did they see but a ghost!  It gestured to them to take a ruby dragon claw, one of the old-style Nord lock-and-key systems, and when Clover grabbed it up, you wanna know what happened?  The familiar creaking and grinding of ancient bones as the dead rose!  Draugr.

So I, the player, put on some badass party music, and Clover, the player character, enjoyed the party.  She charged through the corridors and chambers of the crypt, the ghost always just out of sight, draugr stepping out from the alcoves in the wall where they had been laid to rest.

At one point the way forward was blocked by a cave-in, but there was an opening in the floor, a drain, that looked like it might open up to a lower level, so Clover just grinned, chugged a healing potion, and jumped.  More draugr down below, but Clover had defeated them all by the time Erik made his more careful way down.  Clover enjoyed the chance to party solo for a while.

Eventually following the ghost led them past a magically secured door (Clover bashed her greatsword against it until a draugr came up to them and Clover's attention was shifted) to a small, deep, dingy room, barely a room, in the crypt.  Laying there, not interred, just where he had fallen ages ago, was the body that had once belonged to the ghost.  Clutched in the corpse's hands were some papers.  Reading it, Clover and Erik realized that this was a bard who had written about Olaf One-Eye.  (Erik pointed out that his name must be such-and-such, based on what he knew about the old bards.)  Clover, who had always heard the badass stories about Olaf One-Eye, dragon-catcher, scowled when the verses called Olaf a liar and a thief.

The ghost then led them back to that magically locked door and opened it.  Past that was the door that required the ruby dragon claw key.  When Clover opened that, the ghost then drew a ghostly dagger and ran forward.  Clover followed the ghost, and Erik followed Clover.  Clover came out into a very large chamber, with dozens of stone seats positioned around a central circular area, ankle-high with undrained stagnant water.  On each seat was a body.  When the ghost and Clover and Erik entered the room, the ghost said something that Clover didn't really understand in precise terms but understood to be a challenge.

At the ghost's challenge, the dead bodies on the two dozen stone thrones encircling them rose, gripping the weapons they had sat with for so long.

Clover *loved* what came next.  The three of them, together, swinging steel (or, in the ghost's case, whatever his weapon was made of - whatever it was, it had a real effect on the draugr), the enemy encircling them and them three back to back to back.

Clover hadn't liked what the ghost had written about Olaf One-Eye in his verse, but verse wasn't really her personal medium of communication.  Battle was.  And having seen the ghost of this ancient bard run into this room and challenge this room full of draugr like that, and then fight so willfully with her and Erik against the draugr, Clover liked the bard some more now.

It was an epic battle, deep in the crypt, against the room full of draugr surrounding them, as they fought.  When eventually the final draugr fell, the ghost ran up to the sarcophagus at the place of honor at the front of the room and called out one name:

"OLAF!"

The sarcophagus lid flew open, and out rose the undead Olaf One-Eye.  Clover wasn't sure about Olaf and his legacy, but whatever the truth, this undead Olaf was trying to kill her, so -

She did a spin move one way, then a spin move the other way, gouging the powerful undead with her silver greatsword.  Then, just as Olaf One-Eye raised his pitch-black warhammer with a hammerhead thrice as large as her own head, Clover swept her sword lower and caught Olaf in his knees, bringing him to the floor on his knees, and then reversed her swing and cut him through from shoulder to hip.

The bard, once Olaf One-Eye had been turned from undead to just plain dead, put away his dagger and took his ghostly lute off of his back.  He played a song as he faded away.  Clover stood looking down at the body of Olaf One-Eye - the actual body of the legendary hero she had grew up hearing stories about.  The bard's vitriolic verse against Olaf confused Clover, but the ghostly bard had shown his character when fighting alongside her and Erik.

But several moments of such contemplation is more than enough for one day, so Clover went around the chamber and counted the bodies of the draugr to see how many they had slain together.  Childhood idols questioned or not, Clover recognized this as an epic battle for future bards to sing of, and she was already starting to retell the fight to Erik (who had been there, fighting alongside her, and is part of the story itself, but that didn't stop Clover).  It was a lot of bodies, and after telling Erik he should take Olaf's gigantic pitch-black war hammer (an ebony war hammer), she and Erik left the crypt and emerged once more by that river, still lost.  The map might help.

[Note: Your responses have become, more and more, short sentence fragments. Please give your response in full, complete sentences.]

_______________________________

Clover and Erik carried on.  They walked the roads of the plains of Whiterun Hold.  Sometimes they met folk on the road.  Sometimes bandits tried to rob them.  Sometimes wild animals tried to eat them.

At one point Clover ran at a bear, and the bear hit Clover so hard that she bodily flew backwards and tumbled on the ground some.  Erik the Slayer stepped in front of the bear as it ran at a Clover who was still trying to orient up and down as she stood back up.  Her head was spinning and she was seeing double as Erik drew the attention of the bear to himself and gave it a few good smacks with his war hammer, before Clover came in, still seeing double, and delivered the killing blow with her greatsword.

Clover spotted a fort up in the hills off the road and so she went and hard a party there, freeing it of the Foresworn presence.  (It was on the very western edge of the plains, just before you get into the hilly Reach.)  Clover was surprised at how penetrative the rock and bone arrows of the Foresworn were, and she welcomed the new challenge.

All in all, it was a few days stint of traveling the roads with minor engagements from time to time.  Eventually they circled back to the city of Whiterun.

Back in the city, Clover set about some basic repairs to her tent, curing some of the animal hides they had collected from the wild animals that had attacked them on their several days excursion.  They also went about selling the valuables that they had liberated from the dead bandits, and Clover spent some more time testing out alchemical mixtures, seeing what might give her energy or help heal wounds.  Her pouches and belt bags and potion straps that she had commissioned were ready, and oooooh boy where they costly, but what else is Clover going to do with money?  Eat it?  She never understood why people hoarded it so.

Pretty standard stuff for a return to Whiterun.

However, there was one factor that was different: In one particular crypt, there had been a minor necromancer who had set up shop and was luring travelers to their deaths so he could experiment with their souls, as well as revel in the joy of torturing and killing.  The trap was in the form of a trap door in front of an iron chest, and Clover noticed this trap but leapt down anyway, not knowing what she'd find, because she thought it would be more of a challenge and a better, more badass story if she just burst out of whatever trap was down there.  Turns out Clover (with Erik behind her) splashed down into a few inches of water, with a few dead bodies around her, inside of an iron cage, with a guy just outside the cage who started talking about, "Oh, good, another one.  And she didn't die upon the fall, so I'll get plenty of time to play with her before -" but he didn't finish, because Clover doesn't let evil necromancers finish their opening remarks.  She shoved her greatsword through the bars of the cage and killed the necromancer, dragged his body up to the bars and took the key off of him and unlocked the cage.  She then lifted the dead bodies of the victims out of the water and laid them onto the stone floor outside of the cage and tossed the necromancer's corpse into the cage and closed it and locked it.  Before she left, she noticed a dagger on what looked like a workbench, and it had a kind of reddish sense to it, and when Clover pricked herself with it she felt a heat, as if her finger burned.  It was an enchanted dagger, enchanted with fire.

So the factor that was different about this return to Whiterun was that now she had a fire-enchanted dagger.  She could pay the court wizard, that condescending bastard, to move the fire from the dagger to her silver greatsword.  Is that how magic works?  Clover didn't know.  But Clover was pretty sure that if she gave the wizard the fire dagger and her silver greatsword and said, "Make this like that," he'd be able to do it.  She might need to smash up his room in Dragonsreach a little more if he condescended to her like in the past, but a milk-drinker like him would probably do what she wanted if she tossed enough septims at him.

So she did this, tossed her silver greatsword and the flame-enchanted dagger and a bag of money that jangled a lot at onto the wizard's desk, scatting some papers that had been there.  He condescended to Clover, and Clover scowled, but the wizard asked some pointed questions about what she wanted.  He asked Clover, "Are you intending to calibrate the soul-anchored resonance matrix toward high-amplitude thaumic discharge per kinetic invocation, accepting accelerated depletion of the entropic charge reservoir, or shall we attenuate the per-strike magicka flux density to expand total oscillatory discharge cycles before soul lattice destabilization?"  Clover scowled at him and was about to pick up whatever that nearest blue vial was and smash it over the wizard's head, when the wizard seemed to notice Clover's tensed muscles and decided that perhaps proving himself to be the smartest man in the room wasn't benefiting him in the moment.  So he rephrased his question (with some measure of condescension, of course, but not as much as before; he seemed to respect Clover just a little bit more, just a little, for her trying to get herself an enchanted weapon), and when Clover realized that the choices were between putting a fire in her sword that burned hot but wore out the enchantment faster or a fire that burned low but would be maintained for much longer, she paused and thought.  A big, hot fire would hurt Ulik more, but...  She crossed her arms in thought, then idly uncrossed one to punch Erik lightly in the shoulder, her way of asking his opinion.  He pointed out that Clover didn't need the fire itself to be what killed Ulik, she just needed the fire to slow his regeneration.  The physical metal would be what actually killed the beast.  Clover agreed and decided on the low-damage, many-charges enchantment.

The process would take some time, the wizard said, so Clover left Dragonsreach without her greatsword.  It felt strange to her to not feel its weight on her back, but she figured this was a great time to practice fighting with her fists!  So she headed to the Bannered Mare and sought out Uthgerd the Unbroken, the woman with whom Clover had fistfought upon her first ever arrival at Whiterun from Rorikstead, out by the stables before she had even entered the gates.  Clover had lost that first time.  She challenged Uthgerd once again.

The inn watched on as the two large women duked it out.  Clover took some hefty punches, but she delivered just the same, and eventually landed a hit that knocked Uthgerd to the floor.  A large Nord clapped and the patrons, now that the brawl was over, went back to what they had been doing.  Uthgerd stood up on her own before Clover could help her up, and Uthgerd, if not smiling (Clover can't remember ever seeing this woman smile), had a pleased and satisfied expression on her face.  "You got me!" Uthgerd said.  "That was the best fight I've had in years.  If you ever want an extra blade, just call on me."  Then, as Uthgerd was walking away, she added, "I'd love to see how you handle some trolls."

_______________________________

She did it.

Clover Stonefield finally killed Ulik the Ur-Troll.

With her fire-imbued silver greatsword, she and Erik struck out from Whiterun.  The walked the road eastward, past the tower bridge.  Clover leapt down the waterfall instead of walking the long way down, and entered Ulik's cave.  She traveled to the back, to his den, unsheathed her greatsword and charged in.  Ulik, the ur-troll, was so large that he made the massive cavern seen small.  Clover held her sword tightly and waited for the right moment to lunge in, when Ulik was just a little off balance from a mighty swing.  So she had to put herself close enough to him that he'd swing, but then step back to cause him to over reach and take him off balance.  She was working this way, watching for her glorious moment to strike, when Erik, bless his heart, thought he saw an opening and ran at Ulik from behind.  Clover couldn't risk Ulik's attention turning to Erik, so she had to immediately make herself the primary threat.  So she threw herself at the beast, crashing him with all 6'4" of her heavily armored body.  This slightly - slightly, which the bards will emphasize just to keep in mind how massive this troll was - rocked Ulik, and Clover went to town.  The beast batted at her, surely breaking some bones, but she kept swinging her fiery silver greatsword with all her strength, and the fire did its work.  Unable to regenerate at his normal rate due to the burning from Clover's enchanted greatsword, the wounds she and Erik delivered could not close up faster than new ones were made.

Eventually the wounds overwhelmed the beast, and Ulik the Ur-Troll fell dead at the feet of Clover Stonefield and Erik the Slayer.

_______________________________

There she is, Clover Stonefield.  She had walked into Jorrvaskr carrying the skull of Ulik the ur-troll.  She threw it down onto the fire in the center of the room, the Companions sitting around eating at the tables around the fire.  The man at the right of the image is Erik the Slayer.

Haha, yeah, Clover hadn't intended anything symbolic by throwing it into the fire specifically.  She just thought it would look badass, and cause a huge SSSSSSPHHHT! of sparks and ash, which would add to the spectacle.  Anyway, she launches right away into the story of her second battle against Ulik.  She's already refined some of the storytelling with the multiple times she had recounted it to Erik on their way back to Whiterun.  (Erik, who was there and had helped her kill the beast.  Clover just really likes boasting about her great deeds - as any young, brash, bold, and confident warrior-spirited Companion would.  They can't keep her at the kiddie table any more after THIS.)

What????  NO, and stop being so dramatic in the WRONG way.  The Companions absolutely - ABSOLUTELY! - would be impressed by this.  Do you fucking KNOW who Ulik IS?  What he was???!!??  AAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGHHHHHHHH FUCK YES ULIK-KILLER, TROLL-SLAYER!  She even renamed her sword Trollbane!

There's no "high table" in Jorrvaskr. Goes against what the Companions are.

_______________________________

And then she did the trial at Dustman's Cairn and stood with Farkas against a horde of draugr and many Silver Hands.  And she was finally, finally, finally, after so long, so long after leaving Rorikstead... she was finally accepted as one of the Companions.

_______________________________

Questing forth, asking the Companion leaders what quests need questin', and she got a quest that took her over to Windhelm.  Big city, old city, Nord city.  Clover loved how Nord it was.  Lots of things to do and see and before she had even done the quest she was sent there to do, she ended up agreeing to take care of some pirates.  So she went even more north than Windhelm and killed the pirates in their camp way up north, and up there she could see west along the shoreline and see the great College of Winterhold.  When she had been visiting one of the meaderies in Windhelm (of course), she agreed to deliver some of their mead to the tavern in Winterhold.  Clover figured it'd be a glorious and harsh and challenging thing to travel to Winterhold along the northern shoreline, with the biting cold and horkers and artic wolves and maybe even frost trolls and if she accidentally steps through the ice or slips into the frigid water, then it'll be a battle against the elements To Build a Fire (Jack London?) before she dies of hypothermia.

Even wearing the cloak she made from Ulik's hide, it's cold up here.

Adventure, adventure, traversing the northern shore, ice and wolves and cold and having to build fires to stay alive.  At one point, there were no floating bits of ice or tiny islands or anything for her to use to transverse this one area (the shoreline itself was jutted right up against the mountains and was very craigy and sometimes impassible, so she had to sometimes or often pass over the water itself somehow), so she had to swim in the frigid artic water over to the next sand bar.  That next sand bar / tiny island had a crashed ship and some bandits camped near it who might have been salvaging or robbing the bodies of the dead - whatever they were there for, they had a fire going.  So when Clover pulled herself out of the water, dripping with below freezing salt water, in very far below freezing air, her gear all wet and soaked through to her skin, she had multiple bandits running at her, shooting at her, in between her and the fire.  She had to fight her way through the bandits while actively freezing to death, and she had to defeat the bandits and get to that fire in time.  Obviously she did.  It was pretty epic.  She cooked some salmon on that fire that the bandits had caught and she and Erik ate salmon steaks close to the fire.

At another point she found a cave with some frost trolls.  No big deal for her at this point, big and strong miss troll slayer that she is, but there was a cool moment where after slaying the trolls in the entrance tunnel of the cave, it opened up and she found herself on an upper ledge of a larger cavern with a couple frost trolls down below.  She could have gone around the ledge that led down in a path to the floor of the cavern where the trolls were, and maybe that way she'd only have to fight one at a time given the narrowness of the ledge, but Clover just leapt down off the ledge to the cavern floor - a bit of a jump and it hurt - and started swinging her flaming Trollbane greatsword.

Eventually, with constant battling against the elements, Clover (and Erik) made it to Winterhold.  She delivered the mead, after battling trolls, frostbite, swimming in freezing water, bandits, and packs of artic wolves, and more, to get there, and she got her payment: A single healing poultice.  Clover wasn't frustrated, though.  She thought it was a humorous end to the reason that brought her to Winterhold to begin with.  Besides, it wasn't about the mead delivery for her.  It was about... well, just the hell of it!  A bracing and dangerous adventure!

Yeah, I mean, she could have just walked the roads, am I right? Or hired a carriage, even.

_______________________________

So, update.  Clover went back to Windhelm.  She took the road this time, after a night's stay in the inn, which was surprisingly expensive.

Along the road there were several adventures, specifically caves.  One cave had falmor, which Clover hadn't encountered before.  Turns out they use a paralyzing poison, so when Clover was charging at one of them, when she was in mid-air mid-leap with her greatsword raised high for a fatal downward swing, she gets nicked by the falmor's poisoned blade and immediately her muscles go rigid and she falls to the ground, sword still raised above her head, like a statue pushed over.  Erik is there to step in and save the day, though, drawing the falmor's attention until Clover can fight off the poison and stand back up and kill the blasted thing.

Also beasts along the way, a troll, and a bandit camp along the road that had been praying on traveling merchants.  Always something for Clover to fight.

It was a bit of a long journey, though, and even though she was wearing Ulik's hide as a cloak (she had had it made into a cloak, did I tell you that?), her armor wasn't all that warm, so she started freezing to death.  Just as she was coming up the road to Windhelm, she started seeing a dead goats along the roadside, until she eventually saw the cause: a snow-sabre - like the sabre cat of the plains, but bigger and tougher.  She had to fight her way past that while she could barely feel anything due to the cold so she could get to the stables outside the city gates before she froze to death.

Back in Windhelm, she went to the tavern.  See, something I hadn't told you about previously is that during her first time in Windhelm (before she took the Sea of Ghosts path to Winterhold to deliver that mead), she was exploring the Grey Quarter, where the grey elves live, and just outside the gates of that quarter, outside the city, was a small shanty town that was in complete disarray.  There had been some kind of attack, but nobody remembers any details about it.  Nobody.  No details..  Very suspicious.  Clover had asked around, but hadn't gotten anywhere.

Anyway, I mention this because in Candlehearth Hall, the tavern close inside the gates of Windhelm, there was a man who hung out there, Rolff Stone-Fist, who had made known his hatred and distrust of the grey elves the first time Clover had entered Windhelm (by harassing one of the grey elves.)  Now, Clover doesn't much like grey elves neither.  Skyrim is for the Nords, after all.  And that necromancer in Hillgrund's Tomb had been a dark elf / grey elf.  And from what Clover saw of the Grey Quarter, the dark elves aren't assimilating into Nord culture.  If you don't like the Nord way of life, then get out of the Nord homeland! is what Clover thinks.  BUT, all that said, Clover knows that there could be good ones among them, potentially, not that she's met any yet but there could be, so she's not going to just hate every single one automatically, even if she does start with a default distrust of any dark elf she meets.

SO, the reason Clover went to Candleheath Hall is to find Rolff Stone-Fist.  Since he hates dark elves so much, maybe he had something to do with the attack on the shanty town.  Clover approaches him, but right away he tells her to get lost, because he sees her as a dark elf sympathizer.  Clover rolls her eyes and starts to walk away, but then Rolff, idiot that he is, throws out the insult that she's trash and that she should leave Skyrim.

Clover isn't having that shit.  She turns back around and walks right up to the man.  She tells him she doesn't like his attitude, and he squares up and says he can take her.  She shrugs her greatsword off her back and raises her fists, and he they start brawling.

But here's the thing: Clover is PISSED.  This fucker told her to leave Skyrim?  HER?  She's the most Nord that ever Norded!  She needs to make an example out of this pathetic piece of shit.  So she takes his punches.  His pathetic, weak little girl punches.  'Stone-Fist'?  Yeah, right.  She tanks his hits as the entire tavern, which is a large tavern, by the way, with many guests, watches on.  She grins as his fists strikes her face, but she maintains her stance and isn't moved or cowed.  When she thinks the crowd has sufficiently seen how unbelievably outmatched this 'Stone-Fist' fellow is, Clover swings.

One swing.

Two swings.

And he's down.

_______________________________

Okay then.  A lot has happened.  However, to make it very, very short:

After that fight, Clover left the inn and found the person she had come to Windhelm originally to intimidate.  She puffed her chest out at him, told him he knows what he has to do, he said no, she said well let's throw down, they threw down, she dropped him quickly and he was all like yeah I get the picture.

Okay, THAT was why she originally came to Windhelm to begin with.  The Companions quest.  Done now.

Then there was a murder in Windhelm that night, and Clover came across a crowd ogling the body.  It was apparently not the first OR the second beautiful woman murdered in Windhelm.  Clover decided she'd put an end to this... especially when  she found, after following a trail of blood from the crime scene to an abandoned mansion in the rich part of town, a secret room with a freaky as fuck alter and notes about collecting body parts from different women to try to resurrect someone.

Why is it always necromancers?

Clover confronted the court wizard, a creepy dude with the epithet of "the Undying."  There was evidence and all that shizzz and the dude got arrested.  All good, right?  Settled forever, right?  ...Right?

(Things of note that happened during the investigation: At one point, Clover was convinced that Calixto Corrium was the Butcher of Windhelm, but when she went to his place to confront him his house was locked.  So she stood vigil outside his house all night long, a full 12 hours, until he returned in the morning.  When he arrived back, she followed him into his home against his will and confronted him.  But there was no real proof in his house, so she left.  The second thing of note is when Clover followed the trail of blood from the crime scene to the abandoned mansion in the rich part of town.  The front door was locked, and the door was of solid, highly professional construction, so when Clover rammed it, it didn't fly open like other doors have for her.  So she rammed it again and again, and when it still didn't open, she pulled her sword and hacked the wooden door to pieces.  Breathing heavily, she finally, finally stood before a pile of splinters.  ...It never occurred to her to just go to the jarl's steward and say, "Hey, you remember how you deputized me to investigate this murder?  Well, I need the key to this house."  A third thing of note is that at one point Clover noticed Silda the Unseen, a homeless woman, warming herself by the blacksmith's fire at night in the marketplace, so Clover went back to the abandoned mansion / serial killer's lair and took some fancy, warm clothes from there and gave them to Silda.)

THEN Clover decided to set out and get Queen Freydis's sword for Oengul War-Anvil, a smith with a forge in the marketplace.  Previously, at some point in her exploration of Windhelm (I don't tell you *everything* - like, for example, how Clover walked into a bakery and was like, you know what, salt is one of the foremost alchemical ingredients, this bakery has tons of salt because Windhelm is a proper metropolis unlike the provincial capital of Whiterun, so why don't I just by a shitton of salt? and she did), Clover had talked with Oengul and learned that he was trying to recreate a sword of legend, so Clover was like, "I'll get the original sword for you."  So after the murderer was arrested, Clover slept for a long time because she literally had not slept since she had committed herself to stopping the murders, then in the middle of the night set forth to go to the ancient Nord crypt of Ansilvund to retrieve the sword.

Giant spider - and I mean GIANT! as big as a mule! - and a sabre cat and a pack of wolves, and she finds herself at Ansilvund.  A mage is outside, and aggressive.  Damn.  Clover can tank most anything, but magic?  It's like she's naked.

Well, not naked.  Because even naked, Clover is a powerhouse.  It's more like she's some thin-skinned milk-drinker when she's hit by magic.  It penetrates her.  Hurts.  And not in the way that bruises or gives you cool scars.

But she enters anyway, after killing the mage.  And inside she finds something strange.  There are more mages, and Clover has trouble combatting them, but manages with Erik's help at first.  Then the whole crypt shakes, and the dead bodies start to rise up as a voice booms through the air.

The voice is a woman's voice, who claims to have some deep goal in this crypt, and that she will not let Clover and Erik ruin her goal and will raise all the dead to stop them.

WHY is it ALWAYS necromancers?!

Clover slashes through the dead, but they're like super-draugr, even more resistant to her sliver blade.  Perhaps the manner of necromancy makes the difference.

Anyway, Clover doesn't back down.  She continues through the crypt, fighting mages and draugr, and even a summoned fire elemental.  Several more times the voice booms, the crypt shakes, and the dead rise.  Clover, at one point, consumes the essence of an ice wraith in order to gain resistance to the chilling, cold magic slung by the necromantic wizards in this crypt, keeping her alive long enough to kill the mages trying to suck the warmth and life out of her.  (Where did Clover get the essence of an ice wraith?  From her trek across the frozen Sea of Ghosts, the trek she absolutely didn't have to make but chose to make because it seemed like it would be difficult.  She had encountered a couple ice wraiths on that journey and had to fight them, tough fights, but that's how she gained a couple essences of ice wraiths.)

Clover and Erik piece together the story of the woman behind the booming voice, in part from what she says the several times she speaks and raises the dead and from a journal that she had left out.  Her name is Lu'ah and she lost her husband.  She was made a widow by... the Empire?  The Stormcloaks?  She seems to blame everybody.  She wants revenge on everybody.  She had come here to shove her dead husband's soul into the preserved body of the ancient Nord hero Holgeir, the famous lover of Fjori, to resurrect him.

There was this one point where there was a long, narrow walkway full of traps, and Clover got through but Erik was having a hard time and was wounded by some of the traps, so when Clover saw a small horde of draugr in the next room at the end of the walkway running towards them, Clover stood in the doorway and started swinging her sword left, right, left, right, slicing down draugr like one mows wheat in a field.  Erik crawled forward out from the traps in that walkway while Clover stood in the doorway, acting as a very, very fatal door to all the draugr that were trying to get through.

At other times, Erik was a total badass and absolutely fucking SMASHED some mages to pulp with his ebony warhammer.

Well, when Clover got to the main chamber and Lu'ah was there and Lu'ah started on about how she hadn't been able to resurrect her husband but she would still use her army of the dead (which Clover had already cloven through) to take revenge on those who had caused the death of her husband (which seemed to be everybody in the world, according to Lu'ah).  Well.... you know how Clover handled monologuing necromancer.

*RUN - SWING - DEAD BODY RAGDOLLING.*

The death of the necromancer Lu'ah set the souls of Holgeir and Fjori free (which I guess were bound because Lu'ah had been trying to push her husband's soul into Holgeir's body), and these souls appear to Clover and thank her and present her, before vanishing, with a gift.  The gift is the Ghostblade, a literally ghostly blade.  Weighs nothing.  Will pass through any purely mundane armor as if it weren't there.

Also she found Queen Freydis's sword in Lu'ah's stash of stuff.

Anyway, Clover and Erik leave this place.  Clover pulls out the bottles of fancy booze she had bought before this trip - and, uh, by "fancy" I mean high ABV.  That's what "fancy booze" means to Clover.  She insisted that Erik have some, and he imbibed some, sure, but Clover didn't realize just how strong this stuff was and go literally falling-over drunk.  Like, she fell over a half dozen times just walking down the path back to the main road.  Eventually she sat down and just waited to sober up a bit before continuing on.

She continued on, back to Windhelm, delivered Queen Freydis's sword to Oengul War-Anvil, how taught Clover the basics of smithing.

Clover then went around town and started unloading all the stuff she had accumulated during her recent adventures (multiple recent adventures), and also spent some time in practice with her alchemy.  She found herself making clearer potions.  And the essence of ice wraith had given her the idea to brew potions that would make the drinker more resistant to a particular element.  She ended up with a lot of potions that would protect her partially from mages.  She couldn't wait to try them out and see how many mages she could kill.  (Considering the mages were her opponents, actively trying to kill her).

Clover remembered, finally, to visit the ship captain and tell him that she had killed those pirates for her, and then left Windhelm.

She went back to Whiterun, and back in Whiterun she finally, finally, FINALLY returned to Farkas and told him that she had completed the mission she had sent her on: to intimidate one man in Windhelm.

_______________________________

Cover remembers back when she was fighting trolls without Trollbane, and she had to brandish her torch at the trolls to set them aflame and then draw her steel greatsword and slash, then put it back and pick up the torch again and...

And at the time she realized it would have been helpful to have a weapon in each hand: the torch in one hand, a blade in the other.  So when she got Ghostblade, she kept it.  Since it weighs nothing, it's no trouble to bring along on her adventures.  And if she ever could use a weapon in one hand and something else in another, she can use Ghostblade.

She's not all that skilled at swinging with one hand, but there *might* be a situation where it's useful.  Maybe.  But the more Clover thinks about it, the more that she wonders if maybe she should just leave Ghostblade at home in Jorrvaskr.

_______________________________

So cool new thing that Clover Stonefield just did:

On her way strutting down the road to a tower where one of the Companion leaders told Clover that some kidnapped person was being held captive, Clover saw a cairn off the side of the road, so she went off that way because there's always something interesting.  Turns out it marked a cave and in that cave was an ancient structure of some kind - Skyrim seems to have a lot of those - and what do you know but some skeletons starts shooting arrows at Clover and Erik.  Clover, being in a pretty good mood, decided to NOT draw her flame-enchanted silver greatsword, Trollbane, and instead ran directly up to the skeletons, taking the arrows with her armor, and punched the skeletons apart with her fists.

_______________________________

Oh, shoot, you know what happened after Clover punched apart several skeletons?  A flaming skeleton appeared and starting slinging fire!  And a necromancer who started slinging ice!

But Clover, who previously had had a hellllllll of a time combating magic users, reached to her handy vials belt at her waist and popped a few different potions into her mouth.  See, after getting back to Whiterun from her adventures in Windhelm and the Sea of Ghosts and Winterhold and Ansilvund, Clover made some potions.  She remembered how effective the essence of the ice wraith was in protecting her against the deathly chill thrown at her by Lu'ah's necromancer followers, so Clover decided that she'd get her armor ready for the next time she went up against spell slingers - only this armor wasn't made of metal, it was made of imbibable fluids that she created in Arcadia's Cauldron (Arcadia is a nice lady, even if she *is* originally from Cyrodiil, and Arcadia lets Clover use her alchemy work station, so long as Clover brings her own ingredients and sells a few of her unwanted potions to Arcadia).

So, in this random cave that had skeleton archers and now a flaming skeleton and a ice-slinging necromancer, Clover downed potions that she made that should protect her against cold, against fire, and also just magic in general.  There probably was a much more efficient way to combine these potions, instead of just chugging all three different types - like perhaps it was overkill by drinking a potion protecting her against magic in general AND against the elements - but Clover doesn't think like that.  She doesn't bother with the tedium of optimization.  No, instead, Clover charged the necromancer while Erik handled the flaming skeleton, and Clover laughed as the necromancer shot fireballs at her and frost and Clover barely felt any of it.  She laughed as he impotently set Clover aflame, and she punched him in his face until he fell down (didn't take very many punches).  She then called out to Erik, "Hey, look at me!  I'm on fire!" while grinning widely.  With that cocktail of potions coursing through her system, it felt to her just like a warm summer sun on her skin.

_______________________________

Alright, so meta info time.  I was playing the game and got to the end of a thingymajigger, a dungeon thingy, dungeon in the game design sense, and the boss is this reDONkulously powerful vampire.  Head to two ebony armor that's super enchanted, super enchanted weapons too, everything.  More than double my level, too, I'm guessing, by the fact that the ELVEN GREATSWORD OF TURNING that I found in this dungeon, which turns all undead up to level THIRTY-FIVE, didn't work on him.

Clover wouldn't just turn around and leave, and she wouldn't engage only to retreat.  I could just reload the game to a point before I entered this dungeon, but it's been fun and also a good half-hour of real-world playtime.  Also it gives her an introduction to vampires, and it introduces the "turning" enchantment.

If Clover were exploring a dungeon, and she discovers at the end an army of literally 10,000 soldiers, all heavily and professionally armed and armored, she wouldn't just grin and charge in and start swinging.  She's badass, she has poor risk analysis, and she LIKES fights that challenge her, and she's not very smart... but her IQ is somewhere above 70.  Not higher than 90.  But even Clover on her bravest day, on her dumbest day, on her most, "Look at how BADASS I am, world!" day, wouldn't charge an army of 10,000 professional soldiers by herself.  I mean, not unless it would make a song that'd be worth her death.

So from that we know that there is a limit at which Clover would choose to not fight.  The matter now is determining the lower bounds for the power level against which Clover would not immediately fight.

The vampire in question is the boss vampire, with two other vampires with him.  Clover can kill those - or could, if it were just them - but the boss one's armor is impenetrable.  Head to tow ebony, clearly of master craftsmanship and enchanted out the wazoo.  Clover's powerful swing, with her full might, at it just clangs.  She thinks she sees a dent, but in the chaos she can't be sure.

And she's on her last of anti-magic potions.  And they have life-stealing magic that she doesn't know about and circumvents some of her potions.  If she dies here, what glory will be won?  She would just... lose.  In some abandoned ruin that people probably don't even *know* houses vampires.

*She didn't even realize vampires were actually real!*  She doesn't know how to hurt this one that seems impervious.

Let's say that the vampire boss - who was not, in fact, a vampire at all, but rather a "Ghostly Dragonpriest," whatever the fuck that is........

......

......so let's just say that the dungeon boss was locked behind a gate, and there was a lever operating that gate outside of the gate, and so when Clover moved back, she pulled that lever and trapped the, uh, Ghostly Dragonpriest inside of the chamber that he was already trapped inside of.  Then Clover continued on her mission of finding the kidnapped persona and bringing them home.  NOTHING to do with this entire crypt tomb thingy which Clover had delved into because she loves adventure.  The kidnapped person was in the tower that she had been told that he would be in, and she brings him back home.

Home is in Windhelm, and this adventure had taken her to Falkreach.  Falkreach was full of alchemical ingredients, and Clover often got distracted on this adventure as she would run off the trail to pick some mushrooms off of a log or some such.

Eventually she brings the kidnapped person back home to Windhelm, and they "thank you and the Companions" and go off home, as they approach the city gates.  Anyway, as Clover approaches the city gates, she finds a murdered body.

Another body.  Another woman.  Also cut in strange ways.  Almost in the ways of one who was harvesting parts.  Actually, exactly in that way.

Clover had arrested the Butcher of Windhelm.  It was suppoed to be over.  That's what people tell her as she enters the city.  She had arrested the Btucher, hadn't she?  It was supposed to be over!

Clover ran to the Blood Works, to speak to the arrested court mage.  Clearly he wasn't the murderer.  But all the evidence, the amulet and the journal... so when Clover thrusts that into the wizard's face, he explains, and it helps him gain understanding into when and where the next murder might take place: tonight, in the Stone Quarter.

Clover leaves and stands guard in the Stone Quarter.  It's hours until night, but she stands.  Eventually people leave, and one man, who seems tough and cool (to Clover), passes by, and Clover calls out to him.  He asks her what she thinks about non-Nords in Skyrim, and Clover responds that they're not Nords, and Skyrim is for the Nords, and before she can say anything more the man is starting to respond negatively and also she hears from behind her, "Someone help!" and the sound of a dagger being drawn.

Clover disregards the cool-looking Nord and spins around and sees Calixto Corrium shoving a dagger towards the lovely Niranye.  So do you know what Clover does?

Do you know?

DO YOU??????

SHE MOTHERFUCKING SUPLEXES THE MOTHERFUCKER!  THAT'S WHAT THE FUCK SHE DOES!

Kills him dead.  Finally ended the Butcher of Windhelm.

_______________________________

So yeah.  Ulfric Stormcloak likes her now.  Maybe.  Somewhat.  And anyways, Clover is reminded, by being in Windhelm, of Nurelion and his request that Clover find the White Phial.

So she heads off and gets that, which itself involves a whole quest into the cold north and a quest into a crypt and she gets it and.... that's where I am now.  Heading back with the White Phial.

Oooooh.  Okay.  So yeah, the phial was cracked and so it was useless, and so the alchemist who had spent his life trying to find it laid down on his bed, assuming it to be his deathbed.  He's sick, you see.

Anyway, it was cracked when Clover found it and there's nothing she can do to fix it.  So she went back to Whiterun, told of how she rescued and returned the dude, and spent some time in Whiterun training.  Then she asks for another quest, and you know what she hears?  That SAME DUDE got kidnapped again.

Ha!

Anyways, there's also this thing where the khajiit merchants that travel in a caravan from city to city across Skyrim had told Clover about some weird bandits who had been robbing them.  "Saints" and "Seducers."  Clover had encountered the Seducers on an earlier trek and killed them, but she realized that where she was going to rescue this dude for the second time would be passing by where the Saints usually robbed the khajiit, so she figured she'd check it out.

Yup, they were just off the road, so Clover ran in.  In fact, she had been jogging down the road, just to release some energy, so she was far ahead of Erik.  So when she saw the Saints' camp and charged in, she was all alone.  She started swinging wildly, and when it was just down to her and the Saints' leader, who was pretty good with a shield and irritating Clover, Clover heard the familiar whistle of an arrow, and a *thunk* into flesh.  She smiled, knowing that it was Erik, who had finally caught up to her and had shot an arrow at the Saints leader.  Clover took the chance afforded her and, with a mighty swing, cut the head off the Saints leader.

Hey, it's gruesome, but she's a warrior hero.  She kills people.

Anyway, exploring the camp she finds a book entitled "Saints and Seducers," which, when she reads, tells her that these Saints and Seducers are actually daedra!!!!!  They looked human.  Clover is confused and not sure what to think.

Anyway, she feels like she needs more protein so she runs down a nearby fox, kills it, butchers it, and cooks the meat in the cooking pot in the Saints' camp, and eats the meat.

ANYWAY ANYWAY ANYWAY, she heads off after that to continue on her rescue mission, but also keeps in mind some clues that she had uncovered from this Saints camp and the previous Seducers camp that suggest that they have a mysterious patreon who is hiding in a sewer somewhere.  That might give some answers to this whole weird bandits / daedra bandits? thing that the khajiit merchants had put her on.

Also, I don't know if I had mentioned it, but the location where this same dude is kidnapped is pretty close to where he had been kidnapped before, down in Falkreach.  And the first time that Clover went down there, she kept getting distracted by all the mushrooms and other alchemical ingredients.  So many dead trees laying on the forest floor, and Clover sees those and thinks, "Mushrooms!" and sprints over to them.  Like you know, she's always had a slight interest in herbalism, but it's become more of an interest now that she has realized that she can brew - basically - armor against magic.

Stupid magic.  Clover doesn't like magic.

So as she heads off from the Saints' camp off to the forests around Falkreach once more to rescue that same dude, she's thinking about all the mushrooms and shit that she'll collect.  And probably ask Erik to hold.

_______________________________

Oh, so I caught you up so I could tell you about what she did next.  As Clover Stonefield was strutting along the road, she saw a cairn and so followed its path off the road to what seemed to be a cave, but ended up being, after passing through a short tunnel of rock, a hollow.  A space inside a mountain with no rock above it, like a little glen or alcove of greenery and growth and plant and animal life.

Clover felt an abundance of vital energy here, both in herself and the living things around her.  She saw a sabre cat and a bear fighting, and she ran up and joined the fight.... *with her fists!*  She just started swinging, filled with life and vitality.  She emerged as the only one alive from that three-way fight, and she sprinted on, deeper into this strange place.  She encountered more bears and more sabre cats, fighting each other and fighting her, and she punched them all.

_______________________________

After that she leaves, and gets lost in the wilderness trying to find the mine where that kidnapped guy got kidnapped to.  She enjoys being lost, because she enjoys nature and the wilderness.  She enjoys seeing Nirn in her wild state.

_______________________________

And all this and she still isn't half to the level - a quarter to the level - of facing off against a Dragon Priest.  Certainly not that Ghostly Dragon Priest.

She's a hero, she wears Ulik's hide as a cloak, and Ulik's skull rests in Jorrvaskr.  She crossed the Sea of Ghosts, she's killed numberless bandits, she's retrieved a shard of Wuuthrad, and she's ragdolled multiple necromancers.  She's fist-fought bears and sabre cats.

And yet there are thing so far beyond her...

Part of her is irritated by that.  She wants to be BADASS, to be like the Nord heroes of legend, who slew dragons and daedric princes.  But part of her also is thrilled by the idea that more challenges lay ahead, that she can experience the growth to that point of epic heroism where she will be able to slay dragons.

I mean, she has a voice in her head right now that says that she could slay a dragon.  But realistically?  Well.... let's just say that it's a good thing that dragons are not too common in Skyrim at the moment.  (Mods and not starting the main quest have kept dragons away.)

Like a BADASS.

She is a lunatic, isn't she?  It's a wonder she survived this long.  The kind of fights she's thrown herself into.... but I gotta meta sometimes to pull her out, right?  I can't RP a character who throws herself full-tilt into LITERALLY every enemy she encounters, right???

I gave myself a difficult job when I rolled Clover Stonefield.  She's so brash that I'm over here running spins on difficult encounters saying, "Here's why Clover ISN'T a milk-drinker for not throwing her life away...."

_______________________________

Ha!  You think the "bedtime" spell kept Clover Stone-fucking-field in bed when she was a kid?  That's when she went out and swung her wooden sword all around, slicing down the wheat of her parents' field.  And of course she'd throw rocks at young Erik's window, and demand that he come out and play with her.  And of course he would.

_______________________________

Alright, so, yeah, she kept running off after mushrooms.  And more.  Just generally going ape about the wide breadth of alchemical ingredients in the deep forest.

She rescues the guy, takes him home, gets back to Whiterun, and then.............

She has a lot of fun with all those ingredients.  In fact, she really, really goes at it, creating SOOOOOOOOOOOo many potions.  And you know what?  She reaches a tipping point with her alchemy.  Like, she always had an interest in collecting things and smashing them together and seeing what they did, but now she's reached the point where she finally knows what she doesn't know.

You know what I mean?  She knows - or at least suspects - what she doesn't know.  So in Arcadia's shop, where she mixes her potions, she goes up to Arcadia and starts asking her questions.  Because when you're at the point where you know what you don't know, you know what questions to ask.

And she learns.

She learns a lot.

Anyway, she mixes more potions, and then she goes after the crazy wizard guy who's been commanding these Saints and Seducers bandits / daedra.  Turns out, from reading the journals and such (Erik figured this out), the crazy conjurer that they report to is in the sewers of Solitude.

So Clover goes to Solitude.  She's never been there before, but when she gets there there's this guy being beheaded for letting Ulfric Stormcloak into the city, because after he was inside Ulfric dueled Torygg, the Jarl of Hjaalmarch and High King of Skyrim, to the death.  The gate guard being executed defended himself with the argument that he was allowing things to be worked out by the Old Ways.  Clover is one for the Old Ways.  She's romantic like that.  So she didn't like this execution, and although it happened too swiftly for her to stop, she walked right up there by the executioner and the captain of the guard, took the Amulet of Talos off the neck of the beheaded, and put it around her own neck.  She then walked up close to the executioner, looked him in the face, and then did the same with the caption of the guard.

Neither man did anything, and then Clover just left.

Fuming, she didn't spend time exploring the city.  She would have otherwise.  But she just hauled up the first manhole cover she saw and slipped down into the sewer.

In the sewer, after going a short distance, she started questioning what she was seeing.  It was like the world was not fully made.  Like the true sight of things was hidden from her eyes.

Reality: The textures did not load for a bunch of stuff for this segment.  So they were displayed as purple orbs and such.

Meta: Clover, closing in on the source of the Saints and Seducers, which come from Sheogorath, could not conceive of what she was seeing, so her mind shielded her by coming up with glowing purple orbs.

Clover explored the weird sewers with their weirdness, picking up many strange items that her mind could not comprehend but that seemed good for alchemy.  So, in the end, it turns out that the bandits that Clover had fought were NOT daedrea, but were in fact people dressed up in the armor of daedra.  There was some crazy wizard guy who had discovered some sword that could cleave this world and open a wound to the realm of Madness, and he was trying to reenter the realm of Madness.  Clover and Erik found him and had to kill him.  The sword itself seemed normal when Clover picked it up and swung it.  Would it drive her insane?  Hard to say.  But it was very reflective and shiny and suuuuuuuper sharp.

A daedric artifact.

Clover and Erik climbed out the sewers, and Clover, having found so many things in that sewer that were strange and new to her, she wanted to try them out in alchemy.  So she piled much of them onto Erik so she could walk normally, and they headed back to Whiterun.

On the way, after passing through several towns on the way to Whiterun, Clover got a note from a courier from some unknown individual who somehow knew what Clover had found in the crazy wizard's stash.  (There was a piece of amber in the shape of Sheogorath's head that the wizard had felt was important.)  This unknown person asked Clover, through this message, to meet her under the arch of Solitude, by the docks.

Clover scoffed at this.  Sure, she'd meet this person, who was clearly trying to rob her, and she'd kill them if they tried to kill her.  But they could wait.  So Clover just continued on to Whiterun.

And when she finally got back to Whiterun, she gathered up all her alchemical ingredients and really went at it with the potion-making, asking Arcadia frequently for input.  That was what she hadn't been doing before, asking for advice.  She learned so much more quickly this way.

(Reality: Training.)

Clover realized ways in which she could improve her own body through specific ingesting of specific ingredients.  She need several ingredients that she HAD had, she swore, but she must have been so caught up in potion-making that she used them all.

She needed slaughterfish eggs, which she knew she could find in the river to the south, she needed a mammoth's heart, which he didn't have but was excited to try t obtain by testing herself against a mammoth, and she needed two bowls of troll fat.  She had soooooooooo much troll fat, but she must have used it all.

So Clover needed to go troll hunting!

Classic Clover Stonefield.  She geared up and headed out, heading towards the Seven Thousand Steps, because she had always heard tales of the Frost Troll that guards the path up the mountain.

(Also, before she left Whiterun, she wanted to sell her potions.  Thing is, she made SO MANY, and she's pretty good now so they're pretty good potions so they're worth a lot, so Arcadia didn't have enough money to buy them all.  So Clover tried other places, but they weren't into buy potions, but then Clover just had enough and was like, "HEY!  These potions are GOOD!  Just freaking BUY THEM!"  Reality: I chose the perk that let me sell any item to any merchant, rather than just the class of item that that merchant normally deals in.)

_______________________________

Oh, and on the road after getting Jyggalag, Clover came across some Vigilants of Stendarr.  She approached them, as Clover admires the Vigilants and how they kill undnead and such, but the thing is the Viligants also hate the daedra and all things daedra, including Jyggalag.  So the Vigilants of Stendarr can detect that Clover had a "daedric artifact," as they call it, and demand she hand it over.  Clover is like, "What the fuck?  No, I'm not giving you my sword," and so the Vigilants attack.  Sad for them, since Clover and Erik and actually even a nearby Whiterun guard destroy them immediately.

Clover frowns, realizing that the Vigliants are more narrow-minded that she had thought.  She had thought they just hated undead and vampires and the major, evil daedric beings, not that they were willing to try to kill someone they met on the road just because their sword smelled of daedra.

On one of the Vigiliant's bodies, Clover finds a record of experiments performed on werewolves.  Inhumane experiments.  Horrible things.  Clover frowns deeper.